7666
When a boy tried to fool me so he would be OK trying to show me that he is a gook boy.
I felt anger when I saw that I was being misleaded by my boyfriend, he went out with other girls. I felt anger for his falsity.
Once a friend had pushed me and I had fallen on to a window which then broke.  I was taken to the principal's office and he accused me of having broken the window.
When I was misleaded by a person who assured that something would not occur, that I had no reason to prepccupy myself, and suddenly I saw myself implicated by the fact, because of the incompetence, and irresponsibility of that person.
I don't use to lie to my parets about what I do, and the two times that I felt anger were when they doubted me I said that I was going to the club, and they didn't believe me because the day before they had met me at FLIPERAMA. I had the wish to kill them.
uring the short period of my unemployment about six years back but not me.
hen my chief accused me of an error that I hadn't made was interested in her came and took her away from me.  I was really angry with him then.
A girl entered in the division where I work and greeted everybody and while I was working, she stayed behind me telling what I had, or not to do. I asked her to stop meddling, and to go to bed. When I went to ask for help to my sister, my mother said that I was proud, that I asked for help only when I wanted and that I wasn't able to cook by myself.
When I was dancing with a dame at a social, one of my friends who  was still innocent about the manipulation. On seeing the goal of the exaltation to poor character people, I felt anger on feeling myself mass of maneuver.
My mother was ill and asked me to prpare our lunch. I went to do it, left me to reach his goals.
In the University we were convoked to a stroll like a freshman I by my side for a long time already. He had deceived me and I let him deceive me.
I loved a person and he went away. It wasn't necessary that he brother/sister and parents.]
When I realized that the person I was courting hadn't been really my group and the graduation commission (two students of my classroom) because they accused us unjustly of a gossip about them.
[ During my childhood when I could not get what I wanted from my fight I closed the door at his face. He went away but came back next day.
In the last year of the high school we had a huge fight between she asked it. I asked her not to soil it as I had just washed it. Next day I looked at the tennis, and it was dirty with wax. She could not have soiled it. It was lack of consideration. I felt very angry.
y mother in law slept in my bed that my elder sister was messing up things at home by her internalised aggressive attitude towards parents and her husband.
 Ther are many instances which are all equally irritating. moment.
In certain occasion I have a fight with my boyfriend. During the was trying to protect my brother but the other man was calling names to both of us.
One day I lent my tennis I just had washed to my sister because right.  My friends went on arguing with me even though they did not know the right thing.
Sometime ago I felt very angry when my mother wrote me telling me who was really guilty kept silent. I stepped in front and told the truth. The guilty chief called me in after the roll-call and threatened me.
hen I was robbed in a bus even though I had studied the whole year I made a bad exam.
When my mother slapped me in the face, I felt anger at that Institute to sponsor me for a computer course which was held in TISS.  However, because of the administrative officer I could not get the money.
Somebody wanted to beat my brother at a wedding ceremony and I discovered that a friend of mine, was being betrayed by her boyfriend and a 3rd friend of ours.
Once I had an argument with my friends and I knew that I was absence.
hen I had a serious argument with a dear person decadent, degenerated infrastucture of every public utility, office and service; and the rampant corruption at every single level of education and other institutions.]
A chief was unjustly punished on an autumn brigade and the one the subject about which I was discussing.
When I left after the examination to enter the University, and another person whom I liked very much, ending something that I adored.
When I was doing research a few months ago, I had asked the co-passengers in order to make a queue fell on deaf ears.  I have this feeling whenever someone is not disciplined and methodic in doing his duty.
I was on a farm with a few friends and during the talk I inflated my head which seemed to be caught in a carcass where the heart wanted to explode and where the arm wanted to knock down the world.
I felt anger against a person who told bad things about me in my a close friend of mine on the eve of the New year and it totally spoiled my New year's night.
[ On discovering the red-tapism and the bureaucratic, corrupt, felt anger against my mother.
When a colleague was rude with me because she didn't understand permission.
I felt much anger when my fahter interferred in my relations with accepted the mistake, despite repeated requests not to bring the matter for discussion a professor kept constantly passing remarks. I reacted angrily.á
I felt angry when repeated pleas to the ticket collector and the is independent, but doesn't know to live without commanding the others. I hate this!
And she said absurd things, false things that filled my ears and returned it dirty with grease.
This was the worst incident of my hostel life.  I was insulted by sake, though I had warned him an infinite number of times that it really hurts me, he did it again.  I usually ignore this but this time I flared up for a split second and threatened to bash him up.  This is the latest incident when I lost my temper, though I felt very bad about it later.
Discussion with my mother about the way to educate my children. I family saying things about me that let his family worried. We had to postpone our wedding and we were already using our wedding rings. To be honest I didn't feel just anger, I felt hate.
When my sister took something that belonged to me without my communication their bank accounts were changed and their personal accounts closed.
I had made an error in planning a programme and had publicly girlfriend's sister who incited her to betray me just when I needed her very much. She didn't think of anything, simply passed over everything.
My grandmother is a highly authoritative person, who lives alone, a few hours back.  I got very angry and started beating him up.
When my brother went out with my new shirt that I adored, and got so angry and spoke out everything I felt at the moment.
A few days back a friend of mine poked me in the ribs for fun's month back and I had also got a telegram confirming this.  However, in the train my name had been omitted from the reservation sheet, and the one seat that was still vacant was alloted to another person who paid for it despite my requests for the seat.  I was allowed to stay in the reserved compartment when I paid money.
A ex-boyfriend tried to prejudice me before my fiancT and his flat-mate bent back one of my brother's fingers. It wasn't his fault.
hen I was punished in school for no serious mistake of mine wouldn't be possible, and after some time he let another girl take vacations that month. The anger was because of the resentment. Resulting from our bad relationship.
Without the employer's knowledge and even without any was cribbing.
I felt much anger and perhaps I feel it till now, against my this person laughed at me. I felt such a great anger that I got in my car and went away.
One day my room-mate started imitating me, doing what I had done mistakes for which I had to suffer a lot.
Once in my work it happened a fight between the person in charge and me. I when a certain concert was occurring, and that she'd get me tickets. I was really looking forward to it. She did nothing, just told me out of the blue one day what a fantastic concert it was going to be.
I was travelling from Delhi to Bombay.  I had booked a seat one hours, I watched a ""bully"" of the same age destroy it, telling
When my brothers were being cruel to my boyfriend, because his the child that it was worthless.
When my boss cut off my vacations saying that in that month it seeing each other, I found out that he had been sleeping with another girl, without my friend knowing, I told my friend what he had been doing behind her back.
When one teacher unjustly gave me zero in a test saying that I mother for no fault of mine, I had just beaten up my younger brother for what I thought was his fault.  I was very angry with my mother.
One day in a crossroad somebody crashed my car. I got out and They left part of placenta behind and I bled heavily for twelve weeks - due to this, I felt weak and emotional, and they said I needed psychiatric treatment and give me no support.
I missed an opportunity to go abroad because of some silly librarian told me that there wasn't such. However when an other colleague asked for it she gave it to him.
When a so-called friend let me down, when she promised to tell me which I needed to study for the exams.
After seeing an ""uncertain"" child work on a model for several held in Australia.  I was so angry that I fought (orally) with my friend.
hen I got low marks in B.Sc final flat, she'd expected us to buy our food separetely - this event actually happened some 5 months after our sharing began. Prior to this, she had said nothing.
My ex-boyfriend began to date my best friend. After they had been exams.
This also happened when I was very small.  I was beaten up by my  set upon by another boy who claimed it was ""his land"" - being
Anger at doctors for their treatment of me after giving birth. intimidated by the boy - crying, being punched, etc.
I went to the school library and asked for a book, but the simply refused to let me go, I was so angry that the only thought that came to my mind was to quit the job.
I was very angry when my friend lost my practical's journal, persisted in trying to dominate the conversation.
I was most angry when India lost the Triangular Cricket trophy rolling were thwarted by the immobile, non co-operative guests.  I felt frustation - bordering on anger.
I was informed by my flatmate that, when we'd moved into our someone tries to show what is beyond his own capacities.]
When I was teased by my friend for not scoring good marks in the boyfriend, whether I wasn't treating him as unfairly as I claimed he'd been treating me. As a result, I was angered, and became defensive.
As a child - about 8 years old - walking across a paddock - being that perosn was negative and pessimistic.
I wanted to go to Bhopal for relief work (gas tragedy).  My boss unjust, and disloyal to colleagues and friends.
I was angry at a University tutorial when an ignorant loudmouth his way of interpreting reality.
ith self at losing an important game that I should have won and he didn't care, didn't answer me, leaving me speaking alone.
I was the compere at a party and all my efforts to get the show my writing materials plus the identification card from the place where I left them.
n unjust calumny concerning me greatest trust in this person.
y grandfather's funeral when it appears another vehicle, driven by a drunk driver and provokes an accident.
[ When bad and disgusting language is uttered by people, or when negotiating it.
My flatmate was asking questions about my relationship with my championship, and so it lost the classifications.
hen they stole my dark blue tennis rose-bush, I was very angry as he had not touched it at all.
Discussing with a certain person about a job I was getting and and pest as she always gets when she meets him.
When a person is privileged in account of situations that are and then he told me that he had failed to fulfil his promise a day before school started. I became so angry for I thought my future would be ruined.
When a teacher tells a story which isn't true. It only reflects lectures.
When I used to go to my chief asking about any doubt about the job reasons that has nothing to do directly with the professional level.
We were just about to go into the Exam room and I didn't see all My mother came to help me (because I was beeing beated) and he also beated my mother.
The fact that I hadn't been informed about something and I had the go to your English lecture.
Nearby the end of the year my wife and I were having a car ride, (University) and I didn't.
n old lady slipped and nobody helped her to my son. A month later, after some complex examinations at ISUL (A medical institute in Sofia), the diagnosis was categorically rejected.
About the car (sadness) I felt anger the way I acted after understanding but also with his unwillingness to understand me as a parent, as far as things for which I (not he) have proves to be right are concerned.
I'm crazy about football. When my team lost a goal in the Paulist due maternity benefit, because of bureaucratic reasons.
When my neighbours accused my brother of stealing their not too many people on the street.  A couple of guys were following me and I was ignoring them.  Suddenly one of them came in front of me and started using dirty language and harrassing me.  I got very angry and wanted to strike back at them.
I felt anger of a friend when she met ""a date"" and become nervous didn't come.
It happened that my brother promised to give me money for school teams of Bulgaria and France. I felt strong anger with the Scottish referee who ran the match quite partially.
My class leader told me I am not chosen for your English first time that I heard such abusive language from my brother.  I requested him humbly not to use this kind of language but he did not care for what I was saying.  Finally I picked up an axe to use against him, in the meanwhile people intervened.
When they denied a job to a person that I propsed giving political us) and he did not turn up.  After having waited for him for some time     (about an hour) I called him up, to be told that he did not intend to come as he was feeling tired.
eople not cueing in the dining hall not treated decently.
 feel anger when things don't come out as I wish not turn up - I was annoyed at her.
I felt anger when I had a fight with my father, and he beated me. was the witness of, caused anger in me.
A classmate told me I must have bribed the class leader to let me form.
This feeling occurred to me when my colleague entered in G.V. started fighting and I got annoyed at him because he started teasing me.
hen they changed my office to another room without my agreement pretentious opinions and he took up an attitude towards a theory which he himself had never known. His information was from fortuitous sources.
nsulted by some stupid people off with me, i.e. each of us to take his own road. Because until that moment, he deliberately restricted our dates. The motives were brought to my knowledge later.
 feel anger when somebody forbids me to do something of one's personality.
nsulted by disgusting people angry at the children and slapped some of them.
The doctors from Belogradchik town determined a wrong diagnosis of indifference or cowardice.
When I encountered not only with my father's lack of since then I don't have much confidence in myself at an exam.
About a month ago the Regional Council refused to pay my wife the brother (10 years younger than me).  I lost my temper on him and wanted to throw my brother down the snow bank we were on.  I pushed him but not as hard as I had wanted to. We were alone the two of us.
I was walking on a street alone in the afternoon when there were the term examinations.
 was neglected undeservedly angry with the fact that she knew I didn't believe her but she kept on telling lies.
A friend of mine promised to come with me to the cinema but he consent and having it arranged to their taste. Then trying to find a particular object they rearranged for an hour or more.
 I feel angry when somebody is unjust to me. with me to an occasion (she was from another town).
It was quite recently, at the football match between the national his lie skilfully and this offends me even more.
 was angry this morning when I missed the train to university go to school and fight for a parking when I saw my car had a flat tire.
hen someone lies to me and immorally
One day my elder brother badly scolded my father.  This was the angry.
I was to meet a friend at the bus-stop (he was coming to visit for.
At an undeserved attitude toward a man, when human personality is Last time was the height of impudence. He promised he would come home but he didn't. I felt a sense of anger and insult.
When my friend promised that she would come to my place, and did mother.
Unfair and unjust attitude toward a person close to me, what I my time. Some time ago I had to participate in a sociological investigation and then I got really angry.
I feel this feeling when I am to fill in a questionnaire or a ordinance. In fact I was innocent.
I was having an argument with my brother on his behavior, then we  Terribly crossed I started breaking things and tearing books.
In a conversation my boyfriend expressed definite and quite we got an invitation on the part of my parents which we had to refuse. A a result they called me by words that provoked my anger.
Anger I felt when my boyfriend told me he didn't mind breaking it do have a few fights from time to time, and also at times I take out my anger on him.
hen I failed the M.S.C exams properly and she fell down from the bed and hurt her head.
At an unjust, or to be more precise, at a bureaucratic treatment relations.
A few months ago when I was teaching, I suddenly became very words.
njust punishment of a friend of mine difficult to recall it.]
When I see how people around me pass by certain unjustice because curve without any visibility and against all traffic regulations in a strong snowstorm. As a result I still cannot repair my car because of the missing spare parts.
I unfairly got a low mark on an exam and I failed to win a grant, and dirtyness.
One winter day I, unwillingly, was outdoors with my younger grew into anger.
I got angry when I learned how short a time we had to prepare for acting. He hadn't learnt the text of an opera act in the course of several months and thus making difficulties for the rest of my colleagues.
hen my husband stays late at a meeting and I have to be alone had promised to come and pick me up.  But he did not turn up and I felt very angry at him.
ame situation as before - having my car stolen tackels, kicked at everything and did things having nothing to do with football.
I felt it when a girl who was dear to me lied to my face. I got on a separate bed.  He had no reasons to doubt me or to neglect me and I had never imagined that he could do such a thing.
Having my personal objects rearranged by someone else without my she thought was junk, without my knowing about it, so I returned home to find half my stuff gone.
With the girl whom I may be loved truly. When she refused to come one of the teachers gave private coaching classes to some girls and she would give these girls extra attention in class and would ignore the others.
I always get angry when somebody deceives me, or tries to conceal misunderstood, especially when one is very frank.
I came out of the house at 7:20 am Monday morning getting ready t blamed. I left them without supervision.
I got angry with a stranger in a train who behaved impertinently examined by good experts and she deceived me.
When my father talks about our relatives and favours them, I feel guilty. He was misled by his wife.
I was stood up for a date function by someone who I really cared angry was the day I got pulled up for something I had not done.  It happened during my school days, I had not spoken a word in class but the monitor had written my name on the board.  So I had a remark in my callender which I had to get signed by my parents.  This remark resulted in me being spanked.
I thought him a good friend but he tried to lie to me several times. in the street. Recently I was a withness of a similar case.
When my dad told me about something he had done against my harmed.
When I am made to do things in which I see no sense and I waste to do it was very rude to my mother and me.  I rushed to thhe dealer with my mother and had a fight with the dealer as he seemed to be unreasonable and was taking the mechanic's side.  Ultimately the matter was resolved after my father went and spoke to him.  The mechanic was asked to apologize.
I was drawn up a statement for an infringement of the traffic stranger.
hen I failed my S.S.C exam not receive it.
A honest ""sliding"" on the part of a girlfriend of mine. refused to meet our demands.
My husband and I were invited at the house of our nieghbours then the slightest grounds for it.
I was angry at my brother over an argument we had together.  We my confidence in her for which she herself was to blame.
 feel a strong anger when I am treated unjustly the football match between Bulgaria and France.
I felt angry when my mother-in-law did not handle my daughter the Moscow University, no matter that I had the highest marks and in general the best records of all the candidates.
Attitude to some manners of dealing and some ""sanctioned"" friend of hers was also coming along.  During the outing they kept talking to each other and I felt left out, even when I tried to talk to them they seemed not to listen to me and did not pay me much attention.
I get angry when my smaller brother misbehaves and talks with indecent unfortunately are the dirt of society, intelligent, fashonable, rich and bored. At a party recently they were doing things I didn't like done in my house. I felt angry at them.
[ This emotion has never been an intense one, that makes it me makes me angry.
 close person lied to me in his car. I was angry about his dangerous driving.
I had an accident with a trafic police car that was packed at a being late, came late again after promising to say he would be at work in a few minutes, then arrived 3 hours later. He had been drinking.
When a relative, who had come to our place, created untidyness matters twisted the facts and told it to a common friend of ours.  When this common friend told me the version my friend had told her, I was angry.
I felt it on the same occasion when I felt sadness which finally couple of months. It was a deliberate action of kids who had stayed in my home, had meals there yet took a dislike to my daughter.
I felt anger against a colleague of mine during a rehearsal in of the cast where my boyfriend played was traveling with us. We decided to catch the train that leaved early in the morning because we had business on the following day. The instructor tried to get the upper hand and made us catch the train in spite of everything, all the time he made me angry.
My friend and I were to attend a very important meeting and he without stopping, even though there were only 8-10 passengers inside.  I felt angry at the rude behaviour of the bus driver and  conductor.
When playing a football match, there was one player who made mean college and this was not easy and I felt angry.
I was very angry one day when my husband ignored me and slept      why I could not go to visit them when they were ill.  When I did go, they thought that I had been selfish and irresponsible during their illness.
When my mother decided to clean out my room and throw out what naturally negative. Servility, ""connections"", impudence, traits
I remember that when I was in school I saw a case of partiality - that get me mad.
When I was blamed for some of my attributes which are very often it or when someone deceives me.
Someone stole my ski at Vitosha and of course I was the one to be clean, but when it reaches a point, I get angry at the person who is supposed to clean the place and the people who are supposed to supervise him.
When my friend (girl) promised to help me go to the hospital and be deserving it, only with the support, authority and influence of other people.
My brother accused me undeservedly before my parents. I was not had revealed it to another person with whom I didn't get along very well.
I experience this emotion quite often but the day I was most assignment task, and I had to do all the work.
I feel anger when I see a ""parent"" beating and punishing his child been right.
At a certain situation I felt myself neglected and undeservedly revenge for this he detailed me on duty two successive nights. Naturally he checked me up on the second night and found me asleep for which he sent me to the cells.
A new gas connection was to be installed and the mechanic who came examination,, I once made up my mind to try to work for a longer time. But once again I did not do it - and got a bad mark.
 was angry when my abilities of a singer were underestimated English into German. But the day I needed her she told me that she was busy - I was very angry.
Once, during a performance I did not sing the way I had to. Nursing Science books because there was a rumour that I was intending to leave the college.
When I saw a few people beating a man who seemed to be a offending her relatives.
I was waiting to receive the participation on the profits and did and my thought came out with distortions bringing about highly negative and distorted results.
Despite our good performance and excellent results the management rude and unwise and had irrelevant opinions about a friend.
A shop-assistant behaved rather roughly with me though she hadn't because there where persons that didn't have problems, and wouldn't miss in the jobs they occupied if they were dismissed.
I have a friend that I deeply trusted but it happened that I lost came to shout at me at twelve midnight. It was because she thought I was still interested in the boy.
I was indignant at the unimpartiality shown by the referees at thought I would. I was angry to myself for not having done so well.
 haven't often felt this feeling. Once someone stole my garment was the quietest girl in class.
When, for example, I was not approved to continue my studies at recent broken relationship.
One of my friends asked me to go shopping with her, another told likes me (by his brother and even by himself) however he avoids any confrontation, and is vague.
In the house where I live there is a new flatmate. His friends have liked, too, because he heaped a floot of words on the letter.
I am separated from my husband.  The way he has behaved towards dangerous driving habit.
A friend got angry and drove ""like a lunatic"" with me and others place, because I wanted to park my car there. Because of uncoming traffic I had to wait for a short time - another driver placed his car on the place.
I've a situation of responsibility an employee who had a habit of me but one day I found out that he had another girlfriend who was also a friend of mine.
A girl whom I trusted and with whom I had shared personal, confidential politicians and the police.
Teenage neighbours smashed my letterbox for the fifth time in a about me to a teacher I was told about it by friends who overheard the conversation.
A whole crowd of us went to a folklore festival. The instructor called me who usually talks for a long time. I was angry because I was prevented from eating.
One morning I was standing at the bus-stop and the bus passed by with a certain boy.
When I was at S.Y.Bajaj I wanted to get admission in another especially when I saw a discussion about it on TV.
I was not given a chance to explain to my close relatives as to down and smoke a cigarette. One day I found the flat in a totally desolate state. My girl-friend had wanted to tidy up but had not finished.
I get angry when someone imputes on me things I never can do, until the dog kept lying on the floor with his tail drawn in.
I experience that feeling when I am unsulted without deserving had planned to meet at a Cultural afternoon at the Mt. Soche Hotel after missing each other for such a long time. When I asked my mother for permission, she told me not to go for no good reason. I felt very angry with her.
Uncleaniness at my work place.  The place is generally not very ago my sister who lives with father, suddenly asked mother for money. As she considered the amount of money my mother offered her too small, she brought an action against mother. I was terribly angry with my sister.
I get angry with people who attain certain status without motorbike at those temperatures. When I answered him that I did not care about a cold, he said that if I did not care for anything I could leave him (it was for the second time he said something like that).
I shared a secret with a friend and it later turned out that he took a piece of paper on which I wanted to write a letter and used it for her business without my knowledge.
When the others did not do their bit of work on a group With difficulty I passed the examn. I was angry about the teacher and also about myself because I had not remembered enough during the examn and because the time that I spent studying was wasted.
hey wanted something to happen but I didn't from another friend and locked it in a drawer.
When you are unjustly assessed at something you are sure to have difficult to persuade. With this I got angry with her.
hen I was insulted by a man the other person is thinking over her own argumentations instead of listening, I become angry.
When I was a soldier I quarrelled with my commander and may be in mistake. When I went to the lector and wanted to talk about that, he did not listen to me but sent me away.
eople hunting animals in my handbag. I left the handbag in the wardrobe but didn't lock it. Next time I found that K30 were stolen.
As I usually do not start learning until a short time before an We had arranged a place where to meet. I was a bit late and my friend had left already. I had no money to go by train. I nearly started to cry because I was so angry - it was very important for me to go to Carinthia.
My sister had promised to help me to do a translation from threatened to call the police if I did not pay 500 Shillings.
I was angry when my friends said that I should not receive in the end I got really angry.
I was angry with a person who behaved terribly at a ball see our aunt and to show her our term's report. She rewarded us with money. Although my reports were as good as my brother's, he got more money.
When in a difficult moment I couldn't express myself correctly examination.
 was angry when somebody stole my half petticoat not see each other until evening because we had to stay at the University all day. In the evening I left a lecture before it finished to be able to buy flowers for her. When I was at home she called me to tell me that she would stay the night with her boyfriend.
When I talked with a teacher yesterday who, to say the least, was his call impatiently but in vain.
When I was dismissed unjustly from the firm where I worked, partner spent most of the time at the bar. I had little opportunity to get to know people because our table was separated and my boyfriend's parents were present.
 tailor ran away with my skirt classroom door when I didn't in front of the whole class.
When I talk to silly, petty-minded and unmanageable people. things as perfectly as she had expected. So she reacted in an aggressive manner.
Sometime back another girl who was in terms with my ex-boyfriend going abut with another guy in Lilongwe besides the one I had. She said I was seen with him hand in hand.
I wrote an Exam and happened to have not done as well as I under the influence of alcool.
hen boyfriend lied to me He never said ""please"" or ""thank you"" or any other kind word.
I was furious when the teacher pointed out in class that I discovered it through a letter he wrote to the girl when he was away. When I asked him he accepted it.
My feelings towards would-be in-laws for their participation in had certain expectations, but he did not pay any attention to me, played cards with other people.
When I wanted to talk to someone I liked and whom I have been I wanted to leave, my father said I couldn't go because he needed me for some work in the afternoon.
When I was house-hunting: Another person got a flat that I would chair.
 was angry when my boyfriend did not turn up as promised Obviously she did not want to understand what I explained and started to cry. I grew angry.
I was angry about several drivers who showed an aggressive and despite my asking her to do so.
I was waiting behind a car which was going to leave the parking a questionnaire instead.
I had been in love with a certain young man who pretended to love was thrown off my feet, and I failed to score the goal.
I was in ""Hainburg"" in December and I was angry about the to build new appartments for refugees (in my opinion this is the state's affair).  This is when only a fractoin of the students can find an appartment.
At school, a couple of years ago, a so-called acquaintance told lies than China).
I was very hungry and just wanted to start eating when a friend song about all the students who are leaving.  In the song about me, there were things which irritated me a lot.
This was when my boyfriend told me that I was double-crossing him concert which I considered important.  He could not get them the way he thought he would, so he gave up the whole thing.
I was angry about how the government acted concerning Hainburg, TV.
When I come home in the evening, the first thing I do is to sit sports event, but my teacher refused to give me the day off because he didn't like me.
hen a little brother of mine damaged a cassette three Magi), a local custom called ""star singing"". One of the girls, my
A man treated his dog very badly - he insulted and beated him girlfriend, broke the star. Being the accompanying person, I felt very angry thinking of the consequences.
During the Xmas holiday, I and my best friend at Secondary School this my heart sank because I didn't expect that my own good friend could do such a thing, so I got angry.
My parents are divorced, father pays alimony for me. Two years and nobody mentioned anything about that.
I had got a bad cold. My father said I must be crazy to go by bad things about me without reason. He thought I was among the girls who did him wrong.
One day I was angry with my friend who went into my drawer and the young people just because I had not immediately left my seat to them.
I had studied for almost one week for my physics-examination. mean things. I was unable to defend myself adequately.
I was angry when someone stole a magazine which I had borrowed wrote him an insulting letter to him and called him names.
Last week a friend of mine called on me and said I was moody and relax. My father wanted to take a bath first and when he had finished after an hour, there was no hot water left for me.
hen I felt being treated unjustly by a teacher girlfriend and their child for dinner. When I said to my brother's girlfriend that I would like them to come at my place for dinner, she refused and never mentioned it again as if I had never asked her.
hen I damaged my wristwatch which I liked very much here, when I am here at school. When I went home for holidays my parents asked me about it and I was angry with that man.
When I am discussing something with a person and I realize that some orange peels. It was my friends who were supposed to sweep, but the teacher told me to do it.
At an examination I got a bad mark just because of a small opposite direction forced me to get off my bike although I had the priority.
It was during the beginning of the term. I had K100 and kept it caused. A third person meddled in our conversation, turned my efforts to ridicule so that I did not succeed in what I had intended.
I had arranged with a friend to go with him to Carinthia by car. the last weekend.
I had stolen a bottle of rum from a person who knows me well. He silly information - as I realized myself afterwards - and the inquiry  clerk reacted in a very arrogant manner.
I went to a fair where a guy who was drunk kept bothering me and morning and left the room the whole day. When I came home in the evening, the room was so cold that I couldn't stay there.
When we still attended school, my brother and I usually went to later was telling me that he couldn't give it back to me because I was rude at a certain time.
A friend was unpunctual, we wanted to prepare ourselves for an trousers. These stains are not removable, so I cannot put on the trousers again.
I share my small flat with my friend. On her birthday we could after he showed had his meals.
A friend had promised to call me at a certain time. I expected me. She lived in a village at 50 km distance fom my home town. Next morning I expected her but she didn't arrive. As I got impatient I called her but her parents told me that she had gone skiing. I was very angry because I had cancelled an appointment to be able to see her.
New Year's Eve party in the country, I hardly knew a person; my as a model because she felt too tired. It was a quarter of an hour before the appointed time, I had just lied down and did not want to go because it was too late anyway. She said that I only was talking about looking for work, but if it was possible I would not accept it. I was angry about this unjust judgment.
The headmistress at a secondary school accused me of banging the subject, got on my nerves asking silly questions.
A colleague asked me to study with her. I could not explain ability to carry out a particular duty in the correct way without harming her.
One of my friends went and told another friend of mine that I was a $ 50 note and I purchased about $ 3 worth of goods that I really needed - the keeper made sarcastic remarks to others about people using him to cash notes.
When I lost my driving license because I had been driving while some time back and she is no longer mine that she said she was still mine.
Recently a good friend only called me when he needed something. measurements, I made a mistake, and didn't buy enough tiles for the bathroom. I was angry at myself, because I hope to be a Maths teacher.
It was when I discovered that my boyfriend had another girl. I chatting with another guy.
I wanted to see a friend, I had been looking forward to it and saying. She acted as though I wasn't even there. We were doing group work so everybody had the right to speak yet she just ignored me. She made me feel insignificant.
I wanted to go to a friend of mine who had a party; at the moment away from me whenever I came near her.
ade mistakes in exam another man. So I decided to drop her but later the story came to be untrue.
 had a quarrel with my parents; I was convinced to be right and ""different"" from other children at school.
When we rearranged furniture in our flat and got stuck in a and we had to look after ourselves. He accused me of being selfish and a snob.
y friend misunderstood me wanted to enter, yet I was not accepted - anger at the injustice of it, because I didn't receive early release of H.S.C. marks.
I helped my little sister (13 years) learning mathematics. Examinations which we hoped she was going to pass with distinctions.
My girlfriend started singing (she cannot sing) and did not stop to the University.
istening to long speech of the party leaders wasting my time friends.á
When I came for the lesson, it was cancelled and I had to fill in cooperate after discussions to try and resolve an attitude problem.
y bed sheet (present of my parents) damaged by roommate entire packet of almonds I had bought for a family treat.
While playing a ball game, I was just about to make a goal when I planned this when I was working in the hospital. When I went to the house I found that a friend had taken my bike without my consent.
I read in the newspaper that the Student Lodging Fund was going 11 years (I had stayed down due to illness)
South Korea winning more gold medals in the Asian Olympic (more talked to her and could not answer back. She was depressed for reasons which were not known to me.
The last day of school is traditionally celebrated by singing a as he was going through my office drawers and he had removed money from my purse.
A friend of mine had promised to arrange me some tickets for a co-owners out of pure selfishness.
Too many people in TV room, I was not able to get a seat to watch would win , but at last I lost the game.
At the weekend I wanted to be absent from school because of a take the blame for any mistakes.
I went singing with a group of young people on January 6th (The walked away from me without discussing what bothered him. I became very angry with him for treating me this way. Yesterday, November 14.
My best friend started moving out with my boyfriend. When I heard not be able to find out who the thief was or anyone who knew about the story.
hen my dress was stolen fuss at my girl.
At the end of my holiday job I got less money than was due to me his friend at a cheaper price.
I was angry at the Cafeteria when the cook scolded and said many me.
It happened in a tram: some older people started to grumble about paw-paw in the face.
My mother treated me unjustly as if I was a little child. I said returned several friends had had a party there, leaving the mess.
When a certain boy went about saying that I am his girlfriend. I kept on turning it on and off every 2 seconds and was not listening to my authority and was being cheeky. We fought and I ended up in tears - he'd won.
After an exhausting day I came home and wanted to take a bath to for the training at Military college when he was coming back from his personal social activities.
During the Christmas holdidays I wanted to invite my brother, his we had to leave our home and build somewhere and the reason being that they wanted to establish a market. The Chairman knew nothing about it and was very angry.
A certain man went to my parents and told them that I was married that I didn't do. I wrote the essay about how I was mistreated and got Saturday morning detention along with a few other kids, but they didn't show up.
 felt angry when my friend told me that I had stolen her money wristwatch and after sometime he broke a glass of that watch I got angry when he was telling me but the anger didn't take long to fade.
I was angry the other day because the teacher told me to sweep tell me for several days after it happened.
One day, when riding on a bicycle path, a car coming from the knowledge.
I wanted to clear up a misunderstanding with a friend that I had kept in the cupboard.
I was angry when I had not been granted a leave out pass during against my wishes and (with) no regard to my feelings.
I arrived in Vienna in the middle of the night. I asked for some man. I felt anger.
A friend who shares the room with me, opened the window in the Silver Strikers and someone promised to give me some money for admission fee to watch this game. Unfortunately he did not give me.
Somebody took my wristwatch and promised to have it mended and which was not true because the girl was just a friend of mine.
At the hairdresser's, I got two stains of dyestuff on my new studying and concentrating on my classnotes.
The patient whom I expected to get well suddenly passed away dropped out.
A friend called me and told me that she wanted to come and see because of a scrupulous interpretation of the rules.
A friend of mine tried to persuade me to go at her place to act My anger was against my mother because she was careless. She didn't keep the food in a hidden and proper place.
 was so angry with a patient who refused to take drugs for my work, but she forgot it.
During a lecture, a colleague who did not know anything about the was trying to use a short-cut method in getting his supper. Coming behind my back, he wasn't noticed by me and as I was retreating from a hungry congested people I knocked his plate with my head. He didn't accept being wrong but blamed me for pouring his soup.
At school when I had a shouting argument with a friend over my did not return until midnight and had consumed a lot of alcohol.
I was at the corner shop, which I patronise regularly I had only they had behaved in a friendly way when I was present.
My girlfriend mentioned a certain girl's name who was my girl late.
At the hardware store, trying to convert Imperial to Metric because I had problems when we seperated - I could not resign myself to it.
My lovely girlfriend double-crossed me and so that I found her my clothes, wristwatch and my pair of shoes. After investigations it was found that all the things were stolen by one of the boys in our hostel.
A person ignored my advice, did not pay any attention to what was and everybody pretended mourning. In reality it was like a fashion-show: everybody wanted to show himself.
At a school dance when my supposed ""best friend"" kept walking people. I asked them to be quiet, but in vain.
I was angry when I heard that my only girl was going about with Examinations in a few minutes.
When my mother and father split up I was angry: I felt deprived the fish when my father came in and asked me how much I had payed for it. He said he would not pay for the current that it would require.
Brother provoked anger. It was when mother and father were away for my fiancT. But he stayed in another town and spent one thousand shillings in the restaurant during the same time.
hen I was charmed by my relatives suddenly another friend joined us and started opposing any comment I added to our chatting.
When I received the mark well above requirements for the course I am always angry about that, because it is an unnecessary luxury. Recently we both were cooking and he wanted to use butter again. When I had already put the oil into the pan, he poured it out again and put the butter into the pan.
I felt angry when I heard that my sister had failed the reason, and thus showed off his power.
I felt angry when I was told that I had not been selected to go outside my house. Although it had happened before, this was the first time I had witnessed it. All the skills I had learnt from PY 263 were thrown out the window when his indifference to my protestation was obvious to me.
Following an argument with my brother, he broke my golf clubs. in a park when a group of people began throwing sticks at some of the birds - for no reason other than the satisfaction of seeing them being scared away.
I was very angry when I heard that my brother was beaten by his me for personality changes in my boyfriend and changes in my boyfriend's attitude to him and his obvious egoistical attitude himself in doing so. I also lost one of my best friends - his girlfriend.
Finding that a subordinate at work was still not willing to Headmaster that I had gone out for beer, whilst the information was not true at all. So I had to fight the friend before the Headmaster.
Last night - finding that someone in the house had eaten an accused me of trying to rip her off over payment of bills in the house.
I planned to travel a distance of 20 kilometres on my bike. I intention was that we should marry in the near future - and was rejected by her when I started to cry. When I stopped crying for a moment she said ""There, have you got it all out now ?"".
Not being alowed on a school camp with the class I'd been in for mind due to his nonsense speech which himself could not tolerate at all.
I was very angry when one day I went to see my girlfriend I disappeared.
I walked in on a teenage patient of mine (I work in a hospital) nice to people I don't know, or who have been nasty to me.
When my rights to use a shared house had been usurped by enough space to store them.
Once when I was playing table tennis I was already sure that I that I was depending on them, and didn't show respect or care.
Doing a group assignment and being left to do all the work and of an occurence that had happened some time ago). When I heard about that I was very angry.
Getting terrible meals, but paying heaps for them. medical uniform.
After I said something that my boyfriend disagreed with, he think I committed.
 learned that my girlfriend had been unjustly missed from work girlfriend. On the way, a man named Banda grabbed my girlfriend in my presence. I was really angry with him and as a result I threw stones at him and he ran away.
I felt angry when my only pair of trousers was stolen and could not bother to acknowledge my efforts, and treated me badly thereafter.
hen an unknown person provoked me verbaly and physically match.
I was with my girlfriend when some guys that I don't like made called her before we went. She told me that she had just promised another person to give him a lift.
My young brother took my wristwatch in my abscence and sold it to got promoted to Seargents (sgts); we were having similar Ranks.
I feel it when I see that somebody is traying to made a stupid of mistake - and he won!
hen I was left by the person I loved without any reason twelve times, over  a period of four weeks, before I could get a snap of mine.  Every time the film was processed my snap did not come out although the others did.
There is a mad boy in our village. This boy hit me with a raw an exam inside it and they got all mixed up.
an't remember exact example with referance to sex.
Going away for the weekend, leaving my College room open - when I not pretty, that I had no manners and that I should learn some.  I had just come to campus and he was in fourth year.
My younger brother and I had been fighting over the TV/Video. He very well but did not know the second part.
It was when my Instructor awoke me late at night to get prepared stay up all night for the fair in my town.
A certain Area Party Secretary came home in the morning and said simply because the child had been leaning against a window.
While at school I had to write an essay for doing something wrong whom I had previously discussed the assignment.
It was in March 1985 when one of my fellow students borrowed my made and it was broken without permission, they had no right to do this.
When my sister lost my favourite jumper at a party and failed to a composition written by a class-mate and me.
hen I was put into a tennis team below my standard each other in exams, to the professor.
The emotion came when a certain boy opened my locker without my another girl's house. We had had previous conflicts concerning the girl, but he had always claimed they were just friends.
When I was accused of ""bitching"" about best friend. behavior of one of them who fell out with us for no reason and said that we were to blame.
This situation happened when my friend John ate my banana which I I saw that the rich made no attempts to help the poor.
hen a friend wouldn't speak to me and wouldn't tell me why student, they accused me of not bothering about looking for a job to assume my financial situation.
In a situation whereby a friend's actions were deliberately she did not want to work the switchboard. I became very angry. She had mentioned earlier that she wanted and needed the workshift to me so I did not sign up.
I once caught a letter in my girlfriend's handbag from a certain object which was very precious to me.
There was a cup final match between Limbe Leaf Wanderers and taking advantage of some other friends who usually come to the university in my car, saying that I ask them too much money for the petrol.
I once was accused of falling in love with someone's girlfriend close friends were guys and he didn't want me to see them anymore because he was jealous.
When a classmate hit me on my occipital region when I was busy played very badly.
I was angry when I watched a ski-race. All the Austrian skiers insists I do things his way (filing, typing, etc.). He sometimes blames me for things I didn't do, and I can't yell back at him.
At an office an application that I had made was turned down which such an assignment, dispropotionately carried with it high responsibility and low ability of organisation and resolution.
One day I was really angry when all my food was eaten by a dog. watching a film, and just behind me two classmates were bothering me with their mocking and shoves.  I reacted angrily (I suppose)  by hitting one of them.
A friend had promised to get me a book which was very important school.  Her grades were very good and she should not have been left out.  Biased judgment !
I was angered by a classmate who poured soup on to my clothes. He out of the glass.
My boy-friend had promised me to come home at about 10 p.m. He justify a wrong action.
I heard friends grumbling at me in an adjoining room, although presence of my boyfriend.
omeone told a lie that I had stolen his money as they thought that I had a lot of money and would not part with a few coins for their drinks.
My boy-friend had promised me to come an 10 a.m. - he was 3 hours really true.
My girl-friend did not understand me; I was angry with myself a group of louts.
When I was doing my last year at Secondary School I was robbed of parents.
hen my mother kept me in leading-strings hour for the next one.
rother took my money to use for his own purposes the way I swept the room.  My anger grew (I tried to control myself).  After telling her to leave me alone, I vented my anger on her as she did not obey me.
I have a very big family. At my grandmother's funeral we all met Finally, they threw me out and this prejudiced people I esteem a lot.
When I played in a chess championship, I was disturbed by other wandering around, doing nothing.
When someone took my writing materials yet I was to write another boy.
I bought an aquarium which made me much pleasure. I was watching had just repaired.
I had not eaten anything for 2 days to be able to pay the fine made an intervention which made me feel uncomfortable.
I felt angry at one time when I was chatting with friends and ability or my knowledge of the subject.
A friend of mine uses butter instead of oil when he is cooking. I things out of it.
When an acquaintance of mine beat up another person for no just including me in the ""family war"".
 had an accident with damage to the car body Therefore I made big efforts to make everything ok (food). One day before he cancelled the appointment because he had to go to church with his parents.
A person walking his dog allowed it to defecate on the footpath was stopped from punching him for it.
I was enjoying the company of bird life while I was eating lunch because at night the music didn't stop in time. And at breakfast my boyfriend ran away because we didn't agree with him. I felt angry.
Anger with boyfriend's best friend for alienating me and blaming repeat what I said. This happened more than one time with the same person.
I experienced this when one of my friends reported to the me any thing - money to come back to school.
The mother of a person with whom we had been sharing a housing mother disapproved my behavior in the weekend. However, he didn't tell me the details and left me with unanswered questions.
I had been having a heated argument with a lover - whose for a few major items (e.g a radio).  but when I arrived at the inter-city bus terminal, my hard earned money had been stolen from me.
I was once this week angry when soemone trying to compress my not justified.
nger towards my lover for being late however she first arrived at 10.00 pm, without a message (we had to go out that evening).
It was when my friend had stolen my money (K10) and had manners.  To make matters worse she did not let me use their telephone as she only allowed people of her own tribe.
s for disgust She didn't do her best and didn't prepare herself for it. She expected me to explain it to her.
At one of my close friends saying she didn't like the way I am However, for the third time in that week she arrived an hour too late.
My father had bought too many goods for his shop, there was not some misunderstanding between the two.
When the person I am going out with let me down in a situation driver of the car because he didn't take enough care.
A friend of mine told other people that I was a slattern (because my holidays I found her wth another guy who she said was just a friend.  Later I found them together and was convinced that there was something fishy.
When I heard that I was not to be provided with another pair of my opinion this was wrong.
Being stopped by the police for a traffic offence which I don't money as my brother to use for studying. Once again my brother was better off then me.
An incident occurred to me when I was going home with my secondary school because she was pregnant.  That was the second time that this happened in the family - the first time it had been my elder sister.
A friend whom I had gone out of my way to do something for did my father worked also moved to that place. It was very difficult for me to make new friends than.
eated discussion with spouse concerning new house while my boyfriend didn't do anything. This happened in a period of exams when I had to study very hard.
When they put the blame on me when I scored the third goal at the secondary school (boarding) as we were not allowed to go out.
Boyfriend ""chatting up"" another girl. told me that she would go to travel next year with another good friend. We couldn't talk this out.
A friend had promised me to give me a lift to Graz. To be sure I though she knew that she was wrong.
It was at Malawi Army, Dormer Squadron, when some of my workmates corridor of the house when a gentleman looking person came in.  He was my father's client and he had come to bribe my father in connection with the proceeding case.  At my father's refusal he abused my father, my brother and I could not control our temper and we rushed at him.
I played chess with my 12-year-old brother. I made a stupid till I reacted in an angry way.  Fortunately there were no disastrous consequences.
 felt very angry after one driver had run over my beloved niece some of my things lying around.  This is something I never do. My uncle,who lives with us, as we live in a joint family, remarked that we were always doing things like  this.  This really got me mad.
I got into an argument with a photographer for whom I had to pose South Africa.
When they threw my holder down on the floor, with all my notes for she imposes at home, which are too rigid and arbitrary for me.
When males in my family try to assign house duties exclusively any apparent reason.
A certain boy came into my room and started telling me that I was I put my studies aside to help him, as every time my brother does  badly at school, my family members blame me as well. á
I had an exam and I had it well prepared.  I did the first part conditions they imposed on me.
When I was young, I became very angry as I was not allowed to prefer people to tell me what they have to, on my face instead of talking behind my back.]
hen I met my new girlfriend with another man in the street bodily relationship (he had a girlfriend) started to avoid me and didn't want to talk to me any more.
When I saw a man hitting a child of 2 years without any consideration, dropped in another town which was unknown to us.  I needed to urinate, so I did it on a wall which turned out to belong to the military headquarters.  They arrested me and made me pay a fine of 500 pts.  We had to go home on foot (6 km) since it was too late for anyone to give us a lift.
hen I saw my brother being attacked and I could not do anything which I had gone a week and a half without doing. I had made a vow to God and had blown it. Now I had to start all over.
I wrote an assignment and was given less marks than a friend with day and time.
When they broke the artistic work of several weeks.  Changes were with him, and when the time came this fellow drew back while I had to face the situation.
When a professor of this faculty laughed at, and was suspicious of together. When I arrived at the place, the other persons weren't there. I became very angry because I thought they were gone without me. That, however, didn't appear to be the case.
I learned that a class-mate had given a list, of peolpe who help terms with another friend, although, in my opinion he had no reason to say such things. He only said so hoping that I would search support from him (that, however, was not necessary).
hen I failed an exam unfairly I had told her that I was  only in the bathroom having a shower.  She left and I had to do without supper.
When I found my boyfriend, who I had been dating for a year, at during a turn.
An argument among several friends because of the irrational that there was a big mess. It irritated me very much.
I saw in a movie a block on which affluence and poverty existed. note from my mother's bag.  I was beaten up for this, the money was found later.
During a family discussion on my future and my prospects as a gave a fake coin at a counter.  I realized this before I handed over the coin, but the man called me a thief and called a witness.
Someone signed up for a workshift at the co-op where I live and it and threw it in the dust-bin.
My cousins were playing at home and one of them broke a decorative confidential things which she had taken from my hand-bag.
During an argument between friends, one of them accused me of looking down on me.
One of my first boyfriends got mad at me because a lot of my at 1400 hours.
 murder certain other friends which they thought was improper.
hen I failed an exam I thought I would pass was sure that I had done no such thing.
In a very important basket-ball match where a lot was at stake, I remain between the two of us.  The next thing that happened was that a girl who is not even close to us came laughing and askad me to tell her about it.  I was very angry with my friend as I had trusted her.
Sometimes when I go to work my crazy boss (a hyper Jewish lawyer) party.
On the occasion of assignment of tasks and responsibilities in somebody else's wife and niece at the same time.  I was very angry over this issue because I was told to pay him money after having been punished for it.
uring my last exam me, by my employers.
hen my kid brother broke my reading spectacles me wonder if he was a really a good friend.
We were at school, in the room for audiovisual classes.  We were another friend turned into a quarrel.   I lost my temper and nearly knocked him out.
A very close friend of mine was refused entrance to the medical I was at school.  Actually I had not been allocated any work.
When, after drinking a glass of water, I found a cockroach walking ""Mister"".  I refused to succumb, but he persisted and I got angry
A person I trusted a lot gave me many false explanations to as he had belittled me.
When a boy who was drunk came into my room and misbehaved in the holding back progress as everything depended on him.  I felt angry over his actions.
hen my brother was held up and robbed way for no apparent reason.  It may be that he was excited about something.
When I was beaten up by thieves on behalf of some friends of mine a colleague for something that she had not done deliberately.
Some people were sitting outside and saying things which were not A boy had come to our gate asking for me, my aunt went out to see him.  I had neither met nor known the boy.
An old woman was violently thrown down the stairs of the tube by I had told them that I was pregnant.  My daddy  told my mother and she asked me if it was true.  I was very angry with my aunts.
When my sister came home late one day and thus disobeyed my behind my back.
When I miss the train and I am late, and I have to wait half an nine only.
I was angry when my sister began to talk nonsense and to laugh at friends with whom I was eating called me a fool.
hen I was subjected to a very nasty joke by a group of friends our discussion.  This friend has failed the 7th grade, what made me angry was that I had not used my education to argue.
I was living in a flat where things did not go very well for me.  not in my favour.  My grandfather added fuel to the fire, when I  had an important appointment so I unleashed my anger on him.
When you kill yourself with work and see the number of slakers occupying and take up a smaller one as I was becoming a full time student at UNZA.
When I discovered that my girlfriend was going around with the plates and there was no food for me, and the blue birds  (security guards) were busy eating the food that was supposed to be for me.
 typical family argument job was not done, it was not my job to do it.
When a kid dropped my father's radio cassette player, which he my clothes and my bedding had been stolen.
During a trivial (friendly) discussion, one of the participants my studies in time at UNZA.
I was given an exam which I thought did not measure at all my boyfriend came up and accused me of having planned the whole thing and said that I did not deserve my boyfriend.  He embarassed me in front of a crowd.
When people without my permission pry in my belongings and take father, however he misused the money.
When my father addressed me directly and maliciously, thus make a lot of noise about the duties assigned to them by the prefect who was my class-mate and was very cool and dull.
Someone told me that he would stay at my home for one night. certificate, only to be told that I owed them some money, I knew nothing about this.
When a boy, who was drunk, insulted me in front of a crowd.  I the misuse of his iron.  He called me stupid, self centered etc.  I wanted to punch him but instead went for a walk to the mining school to cool off.
Out on a weekend with a group of people, everybody felt irritated find the keys.  I had to spend several hours in my other friend's room.
When someone does not listen to me after having asked me to trousers without my consent.
I had gone on a vacation and my mother left home without leaving my step-dad.  I thought, "" Why did she break her promises ? Why
My father called me (behind my mother's back) and told me that my had she invited me ? Why do old men go for young girls ? ""
I had worked very hard during my vacations to raise some money She did not accept the fact that I did not like the same things as her, and we ended up shouting at each other.
When a discussion resulted in an insult, which in my opinion, was people in your room,"" he said.  This sentence really shot my
My girlfriend one day went out and promised to be back at 6.00 pm heart.  I failed to find the right words, instead I walked away without uttering a word.
A few monthe ago, when my brother's wife told me that I had bad up his old father.  He claimed that the father was responsible for his guardian's failure.
I worked together with another student on a computer-assignment. that I do not like.  They know this and still do it so as to tease me.
I made an appointment with a friend to drink coffee togehter. would take place a few months later.  A week later I went to obtain some more information and they told me that the exams had already taken place.
When my father banned me from going to his sister's home due to wanted to help them but everyone said no.  We then left.
When our cat was killed in a car-accident I was very angry at the transport money I had to go to school.
I was in love with a very beautiful girl and when I went back for had not done.  In my opinion, even if he had done it he should not have been punished for it.
My boyfriend told me that I had very high demands towards him. In the cold weather.
I was very angry at my father when he didn't give me as much saw the scene and became angry.
When I learnt that my younger sister had been expelled from felt hurt and disgusted.
We had to move to a very different city because the company where disconnected despite my having paid ZESCO the full bill a few  days earlier.
When I got the feeling that I had to do all the housekeeping unfair accusations of a large group of people.
When I was accused of having planned my friend's outing at my own behaviour towards him.  His biased (authoritarian) and ridiculous point of view made us angry.
I felt anger when at the end of a telephone call, a good friend university to another.  I began to insult the educatioon authorities and the government, I ended up at the door.
When my girlfriend left me to go out with another guy, even was right and she was not.
One night we, all the family members, were sitting in the front objected to in the begining, however he visited me and convinced me to come.  The day of the appointment; I had to wait for him for over an hour.
In a confrontation with a person, he provoked me several times telling me how she had got drunk the last time.
A few weeks back, as I was in a hurry to leave the house, I left ""treatment"" of Jewish people in Nazi-Germany during World War II.
I felt angry when I saw on T.V the last slaughter of negroes in she was fed up with my behaviour.
I had an argument with my mother because I criticized the rules marry him.  The girl tried to refuse but her parents would not leave her alone.
hen I get home late my father scolds me and this makes me angry the one I had was out of date.
When I was told that a boy did not want to be my friend without telephone.  This friend, crying, called me and I got very angry and made the other person apologize.
When my brother got very low marks in the exams, I was very angry. naughty and began wetting her pants.  She did it one afternoon.
nce I saw some children hunting a cat to death wardrobe.  My brother had done it.
My family told me to leave if I was not willing to accept the wardrobe.
[ It irritates me when people talk about me behind my back.  I    situations, I felt furious, impotent, nervous, upset, ........
When a very close friend with whom I have a very intimate and I thought I had passed.  I had to ask my parents for some more money to carry on studying.
We hitch hiked our way back from a town rather drunk.  We were up the house, although I had been working all morning and she had done nothing.
I experienced anger most recently when I had committed a sin my sister who had done it.
hen I first saw a person begging When I complained everybody began teasing me and laughing at my inability to find out my enemies.  I lost my temper.
When a person whom I had invited did not come on the appointed me.
A class-mate urged me to carry out a particular protest along certain situation.  I had not expected him to react that way.
I had made an appointment with three friends. We had to go out addition I was asked many questions which I did not want to answer.]
 When I do not get any co-operation from my friends/partners. my age, as long as I am in her house I must do what she says.
A friend told me it would be better for me not to be on familiar went for the registration and I waited for a good 1 and a 1/2 hours.  It was vital for me to go to town but I could not as it was she who had the money.  Finally I borrowed some money from friends and we went to town.  I was really angry with my friend.
When my room-mate locked up the keys of my room in our room after it to some others who were implicated in the affair.
When being made look a fool by the teacher in front of the class and he lost it.
When, after having cleaned up the kitchen, two hours later I saw know.
When someone I trusted very much, disappointed me. bigger built and stronger I couldn't win in a physical battle and in a verbal battle I couldn't seem to get through to her to really hurt her.
t home when they lost three pieces of my puzzle immoral. He implied that I should remain only with my boyfriend the entire evening.
When I was accused by my brother of having stolen a 5 kwatcha dinner prepared as I had expected.
When I was mistakenly accused of being a thief when I accidently fill the tank with gas and dented the side of the van against the pole. Then my cars electrical system would not work when I tried to drive home from his house.
When a cousin of mine took my bottle of T.B tablets, put water in out onto the road and proceeded to abuse me at the next set of traffic lights.
When I found out that my sister had been playing with my volunteered to run an errand for someone who had no authority to send me out and the address was very far especially on foot and turned out to be incorrect too. The whole trip was a waste.
When I heard that my girlfriend was talking behind my back and policy of strict positive - negative reinforcement to the children involved. Children who measured up to his standards were made a fuss of - children who didn't were ignored.
hen my sister broke my china tea set me. It was just a small promotion but recognition was involved.
When my room-mate locked me out deliberately, before an exam due lies about me and the headmistress would not let me defend myself. She was also telling lies about other members of my family.
hen a friend of mine was trying to make a fool out of me brother-in-law and I had gone to cut wood for the fire.
When my friends tried to discriminate against my friendship with disappointment that I feel. One situation would be with my brother. He and I used to be close but now he seems to be avoiding me.
hen I got a low grade in an administration course theatre). He hit me and I hit him and her friend, he hit my friend and we all hit eachother.
One of my colleagues accused me of having stolen his iron and I disregarded.
I told my friend something confidential which was supposed to out of a room of my friends and had pushed and cursed at me when I went to find her.
I was badly beaten up by one of my friends during a wedding of him - thereby causing pain to his spouse. I believe that my anger was probably a reaction of fear that I wouldn't be able to live up to my own expectations.
When I was victimized for running away with a girl who was deliberation not the provocation.
I was asked to stop studying economics, a field which interested and played my very expensive stereo without asking me or my roommate.
When a friend tried to back bite me on false grounds.  This made - I sped up and moved over and he just did the same. I reacted violently, much physical responding in the dangerous situation.
When an argument with a friend of mine over our behaviour towards the person that did it got away without any punishment from the law.
When I was accused of having refused to do some hostel work while it. I tried to fix it but could not.
When a person the same age as me insisted that I call him when on a class trip overseas.
When my father did not get back from Chipata on time, he was thus view is completely disregarded.
A certain friend tried to push me off a seat in a very violent morning.
One day in a clinic, the father of a child came in and assaulted stolen.
When my aunt scolded me for something I was not responsible for.  to fight us for no apparent reason. They hit and picked on one of my friends.
When I was in form 3, my aunts lied to my daddy telling him that it took me an hour to find her.
When I discovered that the people I trusted most were talking point of view and they monopolise a conversation.
When my daughter began staying away from classes - at the age of phone bill and electric bill like he promised and let me down.
This happened recently, I  was in the dining hall and one of my and went out with him herself.
When a friend told me that my education had nothing to do with public.
 reachad home to find that my baby had not been bathed and fed fault because he hadn't fixed the temperature gauge or told me. When I finally got home I was absolutely screamed at and the anger I experienced was over the injustice of it all plus the huge row which developed.
I was annoyed this particular day as it seemad that the odds were around on me.
hen somebody stole my brother's disco machine friends were attending.
When the dean of UNZA asked me to vacate a big flat I was I would give her a bad outlook on our Sororoty house. I shouldn't have seen this, but they blew and I did.
I went to the dining hall and found that the cooks were cleaning inadvertantly destroyed it. I could not forgive him for a long time. And at times still get angry at him.
I was annoyed when a person higher up asked me why a particular because of television watching.
hen someone chased me from his house giving away free drinks. Not done so and had witnesses to prove it - both patrons and bar staff. Other staff were supportive.
I had gone home for a week-end and when I came back I found that saying he was going to the pub with some of his friends instead.
hen I was mistreated by my step-mother finally offered a place - then an ordeal followed, first I accepted then refused - related to my parents judgment (they're paying for me). Turns out that I was so upset at what my Dad said to me that I hung up on him. He called back and threatened to cut me off financially and emotionally.
When my brother did not send me the transport money to resume      who was sick, and owner of the restaurant refused to allow me a drink later in the evening (which is usually always available for workers), did not thank me, and was generally indifferent towards me - I felt I did not deserve this.
y trouser's zipper was open when I was at a public wedding it was her fault. He the hassled her, claimed she was loose, and threatened to sue her.
When a friend and me played a joke on our boyfriends.  Her close friend and my father's 2nd wife - I had an argument with my father, who abused my friend who was sticking up for me.
I entrusted a friend with the delivery of some money to my teacher and a man, slapped a classmate of mine in the face quite undeservedly.
The juniors in our dormitory at school started to complain and thought she was kidding, but later I found out that she was serious.
When I travelled all the way to my former school to collect my partial to the opposite team. This stirred up my discontent and anger.
The comrade staying next doors insulted me for what he called  for my style, even though she was not using correct English. I told her it was her letter and we would do it her way.
My room-mate locked up our room without specifying where I would this feeling when I tried to chase her out.
This was when I found out that a cousin of mine had taken away my institute in the first classifying, in spite of the high mark I had got at the entrance examination.á
I peeped into Maurine's bedroom and saw two people - Maurine anbd abortion. Just the fact that he was ignoring me and continued to do so.
My mother and I had an argument over buying some clothes for me.  marks.
"" I have been hearing rumours that you have not been allowing few things and I did not deserve to be plucked.
In 1982, I was annoyed at an uncle who was drunk and was beating I was angry that I had to write an essay and angry at myself for not having the time to write a good essay.
I get angry with my brothers and sisters when they do something because he did not rate me objectively and I failed.
hen I was locked out of my room by my room-mate's friend knows needs doing.
I had applied for a job and they had assured me that the exams celebration. Everyone was to be present at that event. It turned out that there was no audience at all because everyone had pretended to be very intelligent and no one had come. I got furious.
I was with my family and we found some abandoned puppies.  I present at an event and to stay partial to what happens.
hen a thief broke into my house and stole some valuable goods own car and we had to bump into a roadside trunk.
 No description. plans to paint my room without consulting me.
I felt very angry when a mishanga seller robbed me of the the pedology lecturer was the cause.
When I saw parents punishing their little child for something he night. I got into a non-injury accident, which was all my fault, but destroyed the front of my car. The truck I hit was undamaged.
When I learned that several people had died in the street due to  to hear that my roommates had talked about it and they had misrepresented the truth. I felt deeply hurt when I learned that it was done by a ""good"" acquaintance of mine.
hen my wife told me that the refrigerator had stopped working movement. He had been in prison many times and there he lost his health. He became an invalid. When we phoned to First Aid the nurse on duty behaved quite unkindly when she understood how old he was (79).
When I saw a car run over a child, out of carelessness. calling me names and pushing me around.
My parents were having a typical family argument.  I came in and a roster system so that everyone in the team can have a turn at doing either a duty or a ref. A lot of the time the girls can't be bothered or just forget - I usually have to fill in.
eing made to look like a fool by a girl telephone.
A certain person started to say dreadful things very calmly, I had made for myself. It was during a long telephone call after I had just made it and put it in the oven warming drawer.
When I got home I found that the electrical supply had been friend of mine in public.
hen I was accused of something I had not done without telling anyone.
When I was the target of a great many insults and completely after my father died and this angered me more as I thought he should be dead and not my father.
hen my colleague spat on my face after a quarrel to leave her son alone - as she did not want me for a future daughter-in-law.
My father began to say incoherant things concerning my brother's and and did not apologize, or pay, or anything.
When I knew that they would not give me a transfer from one then angry maybe 2/3 weeks later.
hen I was insulted by a fellow student right answers and knew the material. I went to the TA to try to raise my grade and he wouldn't do it.
When I had an argument with my best friend and I thought that I of my bed coming up my bed at me. I was really angry, told him to get out. He was surprised, hesitated; I started to move towards him and he backed off - kept telling him - loudly, but firmly to go. Because I'd got the initiative, I succeeded. A very powerful message.
One day I had an appointment with my boyfriend which I had for one month and he for some years. Instead of letting me know that he wanted to do the project himself, he went to the superviser and let the superviser tell me to let the co-worker do it himself since he was quicker at it.
hen people harrass me I feel oppressed by their behavior with me or vice-versa. We have very similar temperaments and I always end up feeling angry at her and myself for fighting so much over unimportant trivial matters.
My mother read a letter that a friend of mine had written to me was time for us to have a break and went ahead and arranged his own life for the next 6-12 months, then told me the day before it was about to happen having been tolerant and friendly for the preceding week.
Seeing for the first time pictures about the so called me greatly.
When my aunt told me angrily that I was a good-for-nothing and We had made a pact the other would not drink and so therefore would be the driver for the evening etc. I was not present at the time.
A teacher at my former secondary school forced my darling to last year.
They wanted me to pay for a ticket twice because they said that eachother because we were both fed up.
A friend of mine played a joke on another friend over the as neat/tidy as in the past. I'd not seen her a year - She implied I'd gone to the pack (I'd only been working full time, and taking 3 University exams part time).
My little niece, who is very talkative, suddenly became very I had anger towards them and Jimmy Crter. I was very anxious to see it.
When I found one of my new pullovers wrinkled inside the society for exploiting the Polynesian people, dawn raids by Police (Martin Luther King, Blacks in S.A.). But this was just a reflection of my own shortcomings.
When my dress and a few other things were stolen from my because he thought I could dance with my friends who were friendly.
When my father made my mother go through really terrible which my father also adheres.
When an English teacher unfairly made me repeat a semester which frequently and intentionally plays the ball out of the field. In my opinion this is very childish, because we play for fun only.
My sister came back home and reproached me for not having tidied allowances in 1984.
My parents scolded me a lot for something I had not done.  It was I had intended to keep for as long as possible.
At boarding school someone put a lot of tiny thorns on my bed.  arrested by policemen.
When the university withdrew the accomodation that it had given to force my sister into accompanying him to his place, but my sister did not agree and so she was kicked and she fell down.  There was a fight.
When I got to know about the reaction of a friend of mine in a buying bathing soap.
When I could not reason my friend, it angered me. to attend lectures for half a day. So, sometimes I miss obligatory lectures. However, the teachers do not take into account my disease, and punish me with detention work, resulting in an overload.
[ One day I arrived home rather tired and found the house..... In someone made a nasty comment while comparing me to my friend.
My mother told me that I could not go to the mountains.  Despite marry me.
I had planned to go to town with my friend at 1500 hours but she to free in my behavior for instance when a boyfriend stays the night.
I gave some personal information to a friend of mine, and he told examination (secondary school). When I achieved a good grade they said nothing, but if I had had a bad grade they would have become very angry.
I sent a book to a friend of mine.  The book meant a lot to me night and in the weekend. In addition, she is very busy doing several things. So we don't see each other often.
hen someone took my pen away thing he did was sleeping, drinking, taking pills and thinking only about himself.
y parents did not let me go on holidays with my friends birthday he forgot he promised this to me.
When I saw my younger sister being bothered by a boy she did not and I refuse to give him this.
My sister and I were fighting as usual. She's older tham I am, by our family - ours is the 5th generation. A ""democratic""
Friend (male) hinted that my talking to other men at a pub was decision was made to stap-bank an area of mangroves.
Arriving home from work after a long and tiring day to find no criticisms all the time.
After a long trip in my dad's van without incident I stopped to my relationship with my girlfriend.
Someone who was speeding was forced to slow down when I pulled true.
t work being shifted to another area permission.
A time when, as part of my work, I was sent out actually sort of wrong direction. A man who came out of a room threated me very denigrating and I became very angry in a resisting manner.
I visited a special education school. The headmaster applied a His response was not directed at me but at the chairman.
A month ago when one of my fellow workers got a promotion over flute early in the morning while I was trying to study.
Once a person in authority (school teacher) was telling blatant in the same house where I live. Suddenly it became too much for me and I accused him of several things.
When my brother-in-law's brother stole my clothes when my he decided in an authoritarian way which TV program we should watch. I became very angry and started throwing things through the room.
I can't remember being truly angry. Usually it's just account of what the juniors were supposed to have said at secondary school.
This summer I got into a fight with one of our patrons (at a was one of the conditions imposed by the IMF. 
I was playing in a football tournament and saw the rules openly evening. It failed because of a frying pan which broke.
Physically fighting with my girlfriend because she just walked about my affair with a close friend.
andlord putting up rents sneakly and slimily when I want to pet without falling in love and it soon proves that I have fallen in love with him.
hen a close friend did not write tear gas and started intimidating the students without any provocation.
When a close friend failed to live up to the expectations I had petrol my collegues treat him very impolite.
Deliberately provoked by someone close. Angered by the friend) was making noise when the examinateur picked on me and said that he would tear up my answer sheet.  I got very angry with the girls involved.
While I was away for the weekend some friends went into my room led to friction in a lot of situations.
When bicycling along, a courier van started to tail me very close closure of the school.
That a friend had been badly beaten and stabbed many times and only a quarter of an hour, but he stayed 5 hours !! He didn't leave and I was very angry.
I bought a new bed for my apt. and it squeaks when you move on need to study and doesn't understand how important studying is to me. I get very angry with her.
At school teacher for not allowing us to go out on New Year's Eve undressed.
In arguments with a close friend or relative where my point of person didn't appear.
When someone threw a firecracker into my room at 7:00 am in the afternoons of trying. A feeling of anger built up itself.
Came back from surfing to find car broken into and gear and money assignments but I was hindered because I could not get a passing score on my program.
Stopped at a Fast Food shop with friends and a few locals wanted in confindence.
I was supposed to meet my girlfriend at a pre-arranged place but car. I had four other friends with me that I drove and furthermore it was raining.
As in sadness (A), relating to this slaghter of fur-seals. relationship finished, mainly because she was not honest. I was very angry about that.
When someone ignores what I am saying or doesn't let me have my listen to me.
When I found out that my good friend and roommate did not pay the the chair was still empty, I asked him if I could use the chair, he didn't agree for the chair was for his coat.
My best friend at school told lies about me to a boy I was seeing world, and her murderer who was her ex-boyfriend. It was the worst and most hateful day of my life.
When the person I'm having the affair with won't talk to me in opinion that we were not involved and she misjudged our reactions as negative. We however only posed several questions which she couldn't answer.
I ""cooked"" the engine in my father's car - it was actually his announced that the All Blacks' would accept the invitation of South Africa to play rugby in that country.
hen someone told a secret I told them not to tell car and had gotten into an accident with it. My entire front bumper was destroyed.
When people would tell me that my ex-girlfriend was playing on him.
hen the bus driver failed to stop and pick me up at a bus stop when she thinks I don't keep the apt. clean enough.
My parents didn't allow me to go to a social function that all my lost the text-book and gave me no compensation.
My peers didn't want me to meet someone during rush for fear that than me, or she felt she was.
O RESPONSE year. However one night she said she wanted us to be ""just
I had worked long and hard on a project when a friend friends"". I confided this to a friend Jim I was really suffering.
Towards wife's laziness in not performing her usual duties A month or two later he broke up with his old girlfriend and they started going out regularly. I have no girlfriend nor have I had a romantic relationship of any significance. I feel some anger but we are friends again.
When fired unjustly from a job as casual bar-person. Charged with to do that it was not what she had done, but how she did it that made me angry.
 went out dancing and found my boyfriend kissing another girl no reason at all and I ended up getting angry.
n a hurry to get to lectures and the car would not start do something for my mother, but things didn't go as she hoped. Then she threatens: I'll do it myself.
My boyfriend promised to take me to see a game of tennis and rang unreasonable things about me, that hit me strongly.
I had been searching for housing for Fall at UCB and I was also very sad) ""Oh, how I hated him"".
When at very short notice I agreed to work in place of a friend awake because a friend called me for some (in my opinion) nonsens reason.
When someone tried to rape one of my best friends and he claimed lecture.
When during a social evening with my father, brother, sister, kept talking about boys, chatting up etc. I bacame sick of it.
When a teacher though pretending to be a highly cultivated to go out together.
One of my friends kept criticizing me about everything I did. I them it is obligatory and they dislike it. They tease me. When one of them cut up some material I flared up.
I took part in a football match. The referee was extremely them looking for something.
I typed up a letter for this physician at work. She didn't care away without letting us know. Next time he did as if nothing had happened.
A nuisance used to live in our flat a month ago. I experienced parents always twaddle and whine, when I don't eat all the food.
I faced this feeling when I realized I wasn't admitted to the in the car on curatao. Due to the heat they were crooked, so I couldn't play them again.
My boyfriend breaking up with me about 7 months after I had an My roommate and she became good friends. After she left, he didn't talk too highly of her.
That was what I felt with a teacher who put down quite unreal that other persons again and again climbed the stairs with much noise. When I was studying I couldn't concentrate and got angry.
I felt angry when I failed in an exam about which I knew quite a dishes in the sink and generally not cleaning after himself.
When I was faced with writing an essay and I didn't want to do it U.E.F.A cup.
I felt anger at my last exam, I felt angry with our teacher, spend spare time were disapproved.
When my son omits to carry out certain duties at home that he stress fracture. The anger came when the senile doctors found out 4 weeks later that I had 2 stress fractures in one foot and should have had crutches. I was in distinct pain and barely could walk to classes. They said it would be better in 2 weeks.
hen my bosom friend tried to lie to me thoughtlessness of some colleagues.
It was necessary to organise a competition in connection with a others that I would take down the names of the people who misbehaved and after some time I sat down for a brief rest.  Suddenly the head prefect came and scolded me in front of others.  I was very angry as there were other prefects sitting and he picked on me.  I thought that a brief rest was not  serious enough to be blamed.
hen my roommate's moped was stolen I was very angry For this reason I missed an appointment which had been very important for me.
I feel angry at people's indifference at our ability to be from watching the news.  The first feeling I had was that I was being treated unfairly and then came the feeling of anger.
When on a car journey a fellow student crossed our way with his suddenly declared that he would not accept my position and thought that he himself was right.  Moreover, he attacked  strongly, not my opinion but me personally.
We are repainting rooms in my house. My mother started to enact watch another film on the same channel. My friend switched over to the other cannel without asking me what I wanted.
I confronted with this feeling at the Institute quite recently, my room-mate called me to ask me to go out for a stroll.  I tried to make an excuse so as not to go out but she refused to listen to me and insisted that I go out with her.  I find it unnecessary  to talk to her anymore.á
I was rushing home from school because there was a 49er game that me if they were visiting me or not.
I suffered from a gynaecological illness. I was quite displeased another friend and had said wrong things about my abilities and attitudes.  I was very angry.
My grandmother's brother had taken active part in the resistance the flat in a terrible mess. I was very angry about that sloppiness and impudence.
When my roommate's boyfriend assaulted me. He was threatening me, stupid gang he belonged to. I felt angry with him and his friends. They could not think about anything sensible, but would fool around without taking into consideration the feelings of other persons.á
Because I am the Captain of a basketball team I usually organise pass.
Brother continually interupting while I was talking on the leader in order to go to the neuropsychology lectures (English ones).
Someone in my family (my brother I suspected) ate a bun which I took liberties, more than what was normal.
My anger is with men, their inability to be human (not all men). the homework and not social gatherings.  We were very busy and the deadline was close but we had to waste half an hour or an hour waiting for her as we could do nothing else then.
hen some friends betrayed my friendship continously.  I asked him to stop but in vain.
When a man, a stranger to me, personally insulted a close woman been wrongly parked.  However the sign had been put up only after I had already parked.
Argument with roommate over a lock he had put on kitchen cupboard water for two days.
(1) My father died. (2) My natural father contacted me a year increasing threat of war with the USA.
When present boyfriend's mother approached my parents and self - abused her 2 month old son and had caused his death.  I was very angry after reading this as this is not a human act and to abuse so fragile a life is not a forgivable sin.
When a friend carelessly broke and object in my parent's house and doom's day as official teaching.
ever really had the experience just yet - N/A back of the car just ran off, leaving the person up front with the entire bill.
The breakup of a relationship. After the event I was upset/sad and restless all day.  When I saw them I really wanted to slap each one of them.
I received a poor grade on a midterm even though I got all the of the executive member's pointed out a loop hole in the committee's administration.  He could not suggest any improvements, so I quarrelled with him.
I live by myself and a few weeks ago was woke by a man on the end angry.
A co-worker and I had to rush a project. I was only working there person happy, comfort him or make friends and I am misunderstood and rejected, especially when this person is a family member or a friend.]
This situation keeps occurring - when my little sister disagrees juice pot (one litre) so that I only got one glass out of the whole pot.
My partner without discussing with me the situation decided it evil tricks to persuade me.  After he had left, I was anxious and angry for a long time. After the event, I was alone.
I had just seen my pseudo-girlfriend and our conversation angered contract.
When my husband got picked up in our new car for drunken driving. seek admission to other places also apart from the faculty of Social Sciences at the university of Helsinki.  I was not at all interested in any other place and had no time to study for other entrance exams.
A shop in Downtown wouldn't accept my Visa Card - before December careless, thoughtless, lazy and hasty so as to make unnecessary mistakes concerning things I know and understand.
While studying chemistry with a friend we became angry with me.  I would have liked to do it quickly so that I could go and meet a friend of mine who had just returned from hospital.  I got angry as both my brother and my father refused to give me their calculator as I had not asked for it nicely.  I could not leave as I had to wait for help and the tax report had to be done.
A friend visited and made comments that my house/garden were not wake me up early one morning by bringing a radio played at the highest volume into my room - it was the morning service at its loudest.
I was really pissed when the Russians boycotted the '84 Olympics. reason for, and trying to see a lecturer or tutor, but being given the runaround.
In a sociology class I felt very angry towards some members of was the second time.  One had a negative attitude towards the lecturer.á
When my boyfriend wouldn't dance with me on my graduation night school's team.  One of their team members kicked a team-mate of mine so I kicked him back and we had a fight with each other.
When talking with my sister, she often ventilates prejudices, table of the library.  It had disappeared when I came back.
While playing indoor-hockey, there always is an older man who him.
The government's announcement of the withdrawal of the student very angry.
My younger brother destroyed and gave away some of the books that to me.(blaming us and lying)
hen my mother quarrelled with my aunt over me fixed.  I asked her to phone me an hour later as it was midnight and I did not want to disturb her family.  I waited several hours for her call, she did not call me that night.
I was really angry when the President general of UNZASU was not trust me and constantly misunderstands me.  I get particularly angry when she says nasty things about my boyfriend with whom she works.
In 1983 a sadist provoked my sister in my presence.  He tried the inhabitants of the lower floors would have a view to the sea.
 When some difference of opinion occurs in a silly situation.]  was very negative and not very helpful.
When a pick-pocket robbed me of my money (K20) while I  was of them studies in a private school and the other one is repeating his form five.  They do not know what they are doing.  They follow every word of their teachers, books and systems.  They always try to rationalize their bad acts by some game and they are satisfied with their awkward life.  I have tried to persuade them very often but have failed.  This time I had a fight as they have no voluntary spirit (they did not polish the floor).
I suffer from a disease of my muscles. Therefore, I am only able they had teased a young and shy girl I know.  They had despised her conviction, scorned and touched her.  I got very angry and did not try to conceal it and gave it back to them.
When my mother scolded me for coming home late, i.e after 7 P.M. which was serious and a real burden to me.
I once failed a test miserably and my friend did very well and late for something was because of me, and that I'm often late. I know this was partly true, but felt it unjustified that particular time and I felt I couldn't do  anything about it anyway (i.e. being late).
When my boyfriend told me that it would be difficult for him to and psychologically, despite the fact that many people looked up to him.  I understood that one could not trust him and I was forced to hide this for a while.
Meddlesomeness of my mother about the way I live. She thinks I am nothing against, disturbed me by ""terror ringing"", i.e
My parents thought that I didn't do my best to pass the final continously interrupting me by telephoning.
My girlfriend does practice and therefore leaves me alone at manner.
omeone borrowed my textbook and deliberately did not return it in the wardrobe when my younger brother snatched it from me and wore it.  He had not had a bath and was very dirty.  I scolded him but he answered back and locked himself up in a room.  I was very angry so I starteed kicking on the door and abusing him loudly and freely.
Last year I had a friend visiting me for several days. The only refilling with water.
y bicycle was demolished into the court.
ad food in the students' dining hall of two large volumes.  I asked him to let me take a few, he refused it for an acceptable reason.
My father promised me a bicycle for my birthday. Just before my colleague who had been acting disloyally over a sustained period of time.
When a friend who comes visiting me unexpectedly asks for coffee accomplish anything. I felt that he had interfered with my life.
omeone messing up the room we share After this my mother would beat her up for unreasonable reasons.  One day my sister lent her book to a friend without telling my mother about it.  When my mother learnt this she beat her up and even threatened her with a pair of scissors.
I am one of four directors of a company. We inherited land held and not being committed to her.
When I arranged our holiday in Paris, and my girlfriend raised graduation I prepared to celebrate her birthday and I called off all my appointments.  I got together the other friends and we were ready to give the entire day to her.  However this friend disappeared on her birthday.  When I phoned another friend I didcovered thay she was busy, I did not call her anymore.
My older brother who gives me unwanted advices about problems in your lectures because we are not All English Class.
Somebody was blaming me of a story which was not real and not does not for a moment doubt the justification of her making the decisions concerning my life.
eing hooted at when I was learning to drive though I have not in any way been connected to some events.]
 friend started to shout at me. He called me an old frump to organize my work.
When someone took my things without having asked for my Despite my not knowing why, I was angry with my companion.  I let him feel my bad humour as I cannot hide my feelings.
I was in the library of medical psychology and walked into the car would ger towed away - he didn't listen and it was towed away. At that stage, our finances were below the poverty line & it cost us $10.00 - all the money we had to get us through that week (including rent).
When I was at an official meeting I asked a question to a person. good friend who, she thought, was not good company for me.  Finally, at breakfast one day, we had an argument and I tried to defend my friend.
When my room-mate was making noise deliberately, by playing a program on TV.  In my opinion, the topic was important and the program should have been made with seriousness and consideration.
There was a lot of irritation between me and a person who lives dirty clothes.  My room-mate asked me to wash the clothes for him as he had no time (this was his responsibility).  The food we shared had been eaten up by him (I ate little).
I had a quarrel with my father, because I was of the opinion that toilet was broken and he did not believe it (it had been mended ten times).
hen a few girls were talking rubbish about me husband and there was a lot of reminiscing.
When some seniors tried to scold and insult some juniors on did it very impolitely and lost his temper.  This made all of us very sad.  I was very angry and I scolded him.  He asked me not to interfere with what was his buisness.
When our government decided to withdraw student allowances as it performance.  We missed it.
nsulted by the class leader me on time.  When I had a test she was selfish and irresponsible and so delayed my studies.
After a hard day at the university I also had to make dinner that leader.
When I heard that an acquaintance of mine was spreading rumours trample on his associates.  I have the misfortune to have one of my superiors in my course.
I am usually angry at myself. This happens often. For instace for 2 years.
he stories about the way my grandmother treated my mother made it clear that I should no longer see myself as his daughter.
When the paramilitary was sent to the UNZA and it started using course and I could no longer catch up with the others.
I work at a petrol station. When there is a foreigner who wants not pay attention to what I taught.  He did some easy questions wrong deliberately.
In form three we were taking our mock exams and someone else (a prepared for this meeting.
During military service a superior reproached me unjustly. This at a reduced price.  After queuing with screaming children; it turned out that I had taken two 8 roll packets instead of the one 16 roll packet to which the rebate applied.  The assistant said ""You will have to get it another time.""
When my father failed to send me transport money after the lend me them.
A friend came to visit me late one night. He promised to stay team members and me.  The coach was prejudiced against us and punished us unreasonably.  Later we fought with each other and the match had to be cut short.
eing treated unfairly and being hurt by someone I love concerning a disconnected phone belonging to my landlord.  The bill was four months overdue and in the meanwhile he had been using my phone, he seemed to have no intention of having his own phone reconnected.
A friend doesn't let me study when I want to. She doesn't feel I held responsible for a deed of which I was innocent.
When, late at night, I discovered that they had stolen my bike. ordinary marks with no justification as to why I was given these marks.
I caught a ""peeping tom"" at my window when I was getting teacher.
I had an appointment with someone at a certain time. The other medical university.
I had to unscrew something on my car. I didn't succeed after two car.  Another car tried to push in front of my father and he was forced to swerve and he thus collided the car with a pillar.  The other car drove off without even seeing what had happened.
I am currently taking CS 50P. I had to finish a couple of floor.
When my mother told things to my sister, which I told my mother true).
During a dance someone slashed my tires and dumped paint on my people sitting next to me talked to each other for 20 minutes.  There were no other seats so I could not go elsewhere and I did   not want to interrupt them, so I could only be angry in my heart.
A good friend deceived me. Because of that little quarrel our South African boycott.
When someone accuses me without reason and is not willing to very spoiled, shouted at my mother for no apparent reason .  The heart-broken expression on my mother's face made me feel very angry.
 was called racial slurs behind my back irritated earlier.  At night when I was trying to sleep they were having a party so I went and yelled at them.  I wanted to sleep as I had to get up early the next day.
At having an argument with a stranger, in the street. however she had not understood the situation the same way so she did not turn up.
A man kept a seat taken by putting his coat on it after a while were  only two TV-chairs and we were sitting on them when my drunken brother came in and rudely chased my fiancee off the chair she was sitting on.
When I found out my cousin had been killed. I was angry at the watching T.V with the lights off, so I wanted to listen to some tapes.  It was dark so I asked my brother to bring me a torch, however he scolded me.  I was so angry that I slammed my violin on the floor.
In a discussion the leader wanted to stop because she was of the first, and lost them.  He did not tell me about it till I asked him and then did not try to find them.
Most recently when the chairman at the New Zeeland Rugby Union subject that I wanted also.  I had taken the pains to help him apply and I did not get selected.  I did not like this as he had not told me the facts earlier, he need not have lied to me.
I came home one day and discovered that my sister had borrowed my about a problem concerning his sister and me.  I was angry because this relative of mine did not dare to speak to me and instead spoke to my husband.  I got to know about it later the same day.
When my mother rejected my boyfriend and made unfair judgements had a steady relationship going on with someone else for a long time.
I live with my sister now and sometimes she angers me especially others.  In fact, the task in question was not supposed to be done by me.
I lent a text-book to a person I did not know very well, they   It is often a mistake but it makes me angry.
When my flatmate put me down because she ""thought"" she was better anxious about the project while my partners showed no concern  and when we had meetings on the project my classmates  did not pay any attention.  Some of them read books while the others argued on irrelevant questions.  The meeting would go on for two hours without the main theme being discussed.  We wasted time and could not reach a compromise.  My classmates avoided doing the work and the responsibilities, they seemed to value other projects more than this one.
Last semester when I dated a girl whom I've known for almost a we disagreed strongly.
hen my girlfriend of two years told me it was all over  I waited for a long hour and was very angry.
nce again my parents distroyed a relationship therefore associated unpleasant traits to me.
The landlord had selected a new lodger on her own, while we used an enormous amount of spirit.  This was dangerous  and he did not understand that he had done anything wrong.
My mother and my sister carried on picking at me all day long for Several transgressions make me mad, especially not yielding to priority traffic (e.g. coming from the right).
When anybody wants to make me feel guilty. For example: I should Psychology because of its low status.
ripped on a busy street keeps on talking, does no work.  One afternoon, everything went wrong, and I got exceedingly angry.
hen the coach of our team degraded me to the second team I expressed my regrets and when I went to see her she neglected my existance.  I was very angry and left in displeasure.
A quarrel with my mother because I thought she said very superior to me.
eeing this badly made questionnaire enough confidence in me he asked a third person.
When my father took away my cherised diaries to burn them (I was kicking the cat.  He had never done anything of the kind, but I knew that he would do so one day, without thinking about it.
I was sleeping nicely until in the middle of the night when I became beacause of prejudice.
People having a football match outside the window during the with a friend.
I invited two friends. We should go out together. Those two girls people (those insulting me).
 father helping his kid to fight other kids (the worst result in my class).  Ever since F.5 it had been getting poorer and poorer.  I had tried my best and had spent most of my time studying this subject.  Finally my results were so bad that I thought that it was just not fair.
When my friends left without waiting for me, after we had arranged yard.
I am a teacher in arts and crafts (boys from 15-16 years). for wrong.
My roommate leaving my drawers in a mess after plowing thourgh and the sticks.  He did not repair them nor did he tell me about it.
Someone who always took care for the key of the sportshall stayed friend of mine.  They called her a pig and then grunted.  This irritated most of the girls.  Once, one of the girls got angry at my friend and said something nasty and this made me terribly angry.
If they force me to eat something I don't like. For example, my half an hour late.
My sister borrowed some LP records for a party. She had left them immediately instead of waiting a few hours.  They could have easily waited.
A friend of mine came to visit and stayed with my roommate and me. my mother took the teacher's point of view.
We lived with 3 persons in the loft of a house. It often occurred relationship  and had insulted my integrity.
I felt anger at my roommate due to his habit of leaving dirty was not elected as a ""Tree Good"" student.
When the Real Madrid football team lost against the inter in the criticizing my earlier conduct towards him, which to my mind was unfounded.  When I reached home, I ran out of the taxi and slammed the door.
An argument among friends in which my opinions on the way to that my son was inattentive and unable to do his lessons.
Going to Cowell Hospital and finding out tediously that I had a tried to warn him, to no avail. Result: eight people were ""pissed
One day, when I was a child, my grandmother shut me up in a room. off"".
I work for a journal. Once the lay-out came to nothing, due to football final.
eing sexually assulted on a bus interest in our work.
I was a prefect at secondary school.  On the sports day I told organization of work.
eing insulted in public cheating the foreigners i.e non Swedish speaking.  My anger had nothing to do with hatred against foreigners, but it was an expression of the anger I feel when I see people being used .
I missed the train and had to wait for the next for two hours. several friends as she was a friend's friend.  However my friend had never introduced me to her and when she got off the bus I smiled at her but she did not respond pretending not to have seen me.  Her arrogant behaviour made me sick and angry.
he time when someone let the air out of the tyres of my cycle inter-department song contest.  I arrived and found that there was nobody there.  When I went to the canteen I found them eating lunch.  I was so angry that I aired my greviances to one of them and then left.
unished by a leader hindered by my cousin.
When my room-mates were watching video-tapes and prevented me first.
One day, I discussed a very important question with A.  A someone else had used my daily necessities.  I felt that my  personal sanity had been affected.
 saw a report on T.V news on apartheid in South Africa I am very fond of my brother, and as he himself can not get angry or hurt, my protectiveness was aroused and I got angry.
I was watching TV with a friend. After the first film I wanted to responsible for looking after him for a full day, and was very tired. Then he suddenly grabbed a knife and stabbed me in the leg. I got so angry that I didn't feel any pain.
I had planned to study for my mid-term exams on a certain day and  court.   However when I arrived at the university gym the clerk told me that the court was being used for lessons.
My friends promised me that they would definitely call me to tell with my tasks and making unfounded remarks.  I felt hatred for him but it stopped when I realized that he just longed for attention.
When I learnt that a friend of mine had talked about me to grinned at home and provoked others for the pleasure of it.  This made me angry.
hen someone does something wrong which affects me negatively examn.
hen my mother treats me as a 10-year old boy home.
nce my father slapped my mother for a small quarrel (not allowing us to go to the medical university lectures).
I moved to a flat. A friend who had lived there before, had left also drunk.
When a friend of mine was drawn into a fight because of the ended in a catastrophe, and several people had died.  I could not  understand how normal people could behave in such a way.
I reached the bus stop and realized that I had forgotten my bus about it before.
Finding out about some girls who have been nice to the class ""bending the rules"" was protected by the boss. This resulted in
hen colliding with my car. I myself was to blame more work for the others.
When I was deputy manager during the Summer, certain deputies someone close to me.
A female classmate was always late for meetings which were for offence.  In my opinion, this was stupid, and I got angry.
When I was concentrating on my work, my friend disturbed me explained that a male teacher was more suitable for the particular post.  I had more years of service than the male teacher, but this was not taken into consideration.  I could have been given a less attractive job if things had gone the way the headmaster wanted.
omeone drove into my car and then denied that it had happened but did not because he spent the evening with his pals.
My car had been towed away by the traffic police because it had to learn all on my own.
 was scolded by my mother for no reason the class leader is going out with me (not true).
When during Winter the water pipes froze and we did not have any problems. It was only a casual remark on her side, but I was angry and hurt.
On the TV news I heard that Nicaragua had complained about the insulted and kicked his hip in anger.  I was stable later and did not feel angry at him.  In fact I was afraid that the other friends who were with us would think that I was an intolerant person.  However I could not apologize, so I pretended that nothing had happened and smiled when I left.  My friend did not say anything but just watched me leave.
ade a statement that other people did not believe laughed).
uarrel in the family have liked to do so.
Yesterday I read in the newspaper that a 30 year old woman had he was a nonsensical person. Once when we went to a friend's house he walked in first and shut the door firmly behind him.  I felt that he did not respect me and moreover I was his friend so he should not have behaved like that.  I was very angry (as it is I was in a bad mood then).
eceiving personal criticisms early in the morning on holiday (I live in a collective).
When our religion teacher presented shocking sectarian thoughts distrusted me.
Having agreed to share the taxi expenses, three people in the promised to help me move but broke her promise because of some hindrance.
The trick was really intolerable.  They hid it, and I was worried different counter (for domestic traffic only).
Last week, my organization summoned an executive meeting and one come.
y roommate being unconsiderate (almanach).
When I am accused of something I have not done, I get unbelievably uncomfortable.  He never listens to my complaints and I curse him furiously in my mind.  I cannot solve this problem by violence because of traditional moral values.
[ Whenever I put myself in other's shoes and try to make the manner.
isunderstood by a close friend for the wrong reason attacked a group of black people with a whip.
In the student kitchen that we share, somebody drank from my him.
A member of a religious sect tried to convert me, using really like.  The first week we were at loggerheads and our conversation was like a debate.  The atmosphere was very bad.  When he learnt that I had got 95 marks in a test he told me "" A failure, You lost
Realizing that a friend had been talked into signing a certain 5 marks.""   I was very angry, not because my marks were lower
hen I missed the tram after having run for it than his, but because I could not tolerate his pride.  I did not show my discontentment and carried on doing my work.
 No response. leader, trying to emphasize her non-existent authority with undue strictness towards a good-humoured drunk who could not find his ticket at once.
My father had once again told me that I should be careful and try to used that agreement as a reason for attacking me.
When I checked my examination paper and realized that I had been was a motorist ahead of me who was driving at 50 km/hour and refused, despite his low speeed to let me overtake.
I was at home, filling my tax report.  Nobody had time to help It was not a great loss from the monetary point of view but I lost some documents - identity papers.  As a result I had to spend several days in order to get a new one.  I will always remember all the work I had to do and the bad treatment I suffered because of the bureaucratic behaviour of the civil servant.  I had already had bad luck and they treated me like a criminal.   At one point of time I really wanted to quarrel with them.
eard about someone telling lies about me to my best friend the day care centre.  Nevertheless, the very day I came back they called me early morining to ask me ""what are you going to do
omeone talking about me at my back about the matter ?"" (which had been discussed in the meeting). 
In the holiday cottage of our association, two of my pals came to Then I got angry.
Getting a terrible exam mark, which I couldn't understand the of elucidating this.
[ For example, unfair pushing in a bus.] that he had more time to do it than I had.
I went to a lecture and once again it had been cancelled, this let me go.
When I was in F4 I played a basket-ball match against another grand-daughter.  The grand-daughter asked me some questions in mathematics so I taught her.  However she did not listen to me and this made me feel unhappy.  The second year it was the same.  When I entered university the girl's parents suggested that I be employed as their daghters tutor.  They told me that at university  there was no homework and I would have a lot of time so they made a time-table  for me which required me to be the tutor five days a week.  They did not respect me and anyway I had another child to teach.
I had left a student newspaper of the Chinese university on the should have been very happy; however my grandmother, because of  her prejudice and misunderstanding, started a  quarrel with my mother.  She expected me to take her side and she deliberately talked of my mother's wrong doings.  I was very angry because - one my grandmother was not being reasonable and two because it should have been a happy day and three we had moved into a new house that day.
orean judges cheating when they were separated, and my brothers and sisters and myself were allowed to listen.
My parents do not like my friend and told me not to go out with bus.
I was accused of having done something, which I hadn't and got from school.  The consequences were a spoilt kettle and chaos in the kitchen but what could have happened with the hot grease ?
The outrageous conduct of a relative towards me and those close ex-boyfriend).  He happened to be 13 years older than me and he was considered completely unsuitable for me.  IDIOT.
hen a close relative is treated badly He considered the heading to be derogatory towards the person I had written about.
I had a date with my girlfriend, the time and place had not been were acquaintances.  It should have been picked up a year ago but they had postponed it.  Eventually they decided on one date and I stayed at home despite the fact that I had other things to do.  They did not come, nor did they call and they still have not got in touch with me.
eing treated unfairly have a raincoat on me.
When my father's new fiancee treats me like a child.  She does road.
The housing council asked the city to cut 40 linden trees so that no longer had the time to look after my garden and animals.
eing told that I have not got a personality house where I was visiting with a male friend. In a confrontation in another room he tried to find out if I was aroused by my friend by feeling my parts.
aving a fight with a class mate magazines were shown.
 classmate damaged ma iron and tried to hide the damage and also spread lies for the same purpose.
We were starting a student project, and the teacher we talked to then over me.
I quarrelled with my brothers (twins) at home on saturday.  One who is also a friend of mine.  I got to know that this girl was also seeing another guy.  Later on, she just broke off with this friend of mine without giving any explanations.  This made him sad and depressed, and I felt disgust for this girl.
 get angry when people disbelieve me or misunderstand me misbehaviour.  This morning when I was in a crowded bus, I found a seat on which a university student was sitting on one side and he had put his bag and files next to him.  There was very little space left and I sat down while he kept on reading.  Even when I leaned on him he did not put his bag away.  He did not respond and I felt very angry.
Two boys whom I know were telling me, in an indecent manner, how had respected for a long time and looked up to as a child.
My mother carried on using mental pressure concerning something Africa by the police of that ""Democracy"".
A friend suggested in a round-about way that the reason we were had prepared well for it, but the end result wasn't what I had expected.
When it became clear that a man had used many people sexually inhuman. I never realised that such things also happen in the Netherlands.
I had a very heavy work load and two colleagues, whom I have other members of my family for the first time.  They had called me from my room where I had been studying for my exams.
I was angry with a friend of mine who behaved in an affected divorce.
uring a fight with my best friend which the children were involved as accusers of one of the parents.
One day I had sunned my favourite shirt and was putting it back a guy she knows I really like.
I was accused of having drunk a bottle of liquor and then started to vomit, seeing this made me feel very bad.
When my tennis match was interrupted because a kid cycled right grade.
In the student's union there was someone who took the photocopies of cockroaches.
Being a spokesman for the union, I got into a quarrel with a began to eat figs, after we were all full we noticed that all the figs were full of worms.
A friend of mine ridiculed me, telling me that I would never language, spit, boast and treat the youngsters badly.
My sister once stole my mother's money and made her very angry.  deplorable condition and were full of rubbish.
At my father's treatment of my mother, at his disregard for her, of, including lack of any dignity, when trying to find a seat in the tram.
I had a very good friend in secondary school.  The year after our aged woman was standing beside me.  The person sitting next to me got up to get off and this woman pushed me and occupied the seat.  Then she took off her shoes and put her feet on the seat.
My class leader told me the university won't let all of us go to incestuous acts on his two-year old child - the thought that anyone could do such a thing is abhorrent to me.
When others let me down, fail to keep agreements. bins and the gutter. I was really disgusted at first but I've seen him a few times since then and now I feel really sorry for him and I often give him cigarettes when I see him, because he mainly goes after cigarette butts and it is revolting.
While having a discussion with my mother, I realized that she close friend of mine.
[ I sometimes quarrel with my mother because she blames me, accidentally was dragged into this room where the happenings had occurred. I was disgusted at the reality.
I had too much homework and examinations and I did not know how films were made and was disgusted by the treatment of certain animals in this particular programme of the polar bear.
We were in a disco and the evening was not at all pleasant.  elementary human norms.
I told my boy friend not to park in a certain place because the order to keep his good mards and thus to continue getting a scholarship for an excellent grade.
My mother had for some time been trying to separate me from a tests for her.
ad an insulting letter from my father harrassment (and sexual harrassment) by another worker - disgusted by his implications.
I was disappointed and angry at the bad quality of a documentay made paintings with real blood. There were also photographs about the killing of cows.
When I came back to my hostel, my bed was full of newspapers and happened to his dog.
When I tried to explain to a plumber, face to face, that the party.
Jealous of my husband's old girlfriend.  We met her with her One day he was begging at the mass transit railway station and at that moment I hated him.
[ When I was treated unfairly, regardless of my motives or deeds.] that our dog had diarrhoea.  There were small ""piles"" all over
fter having quarelled with a relative of mine about politics the floor and the smell was choking.
My elder brother often criticizes my mother's cooking.  Once he me and whom I just met. Maybe it wasn't rape but the man wanted more than I wanted to give him since there were other people in vicinity.
When my friend, as usual, forgot the tickets at home for a university. Due to students own lack of concern for the environment in which they eat and drink. Rubbish and spilled tea and coffee left everywhere.
My classmate always borrowed my notes and would not return it to clothes and their way of doing.
nsulted for no reason Canada.
An unjust refree decision at a sports event when I was the team arrive.
 conflict with a pupil the nappies, for the first time, of a very old and sick woman.
hen I learned that my brother had spoilt an LP of mine knew was extremely important to me.
When my boss enrolled in a course to satisfy his own ends - to basketball, track, craps, poker, or arcade - whether its 5 dollars or 200 I feel that I should never have done it in the first place.
Found out that someone I knew well has been misunderstanding me fellow students didn't agree with their vague criticism. I felt myself taken in by the teachers and felt disgust.
When my father asked me if I was a communist, at the same time he than she is.
When I realized that I was far behind the others in the language instructors would have a meeting the advisor would be present.  He did not understand our worknig conditions but talked a lot and had a lot of outdated ideas.  Whenever we disagreed with him he was very discontent and said that we had a prejudice against him.  Why did he have to treat us as his subordinates ?
I gave tutorial to a student and I found that he was lazy, he did way, i.e they misunderstand me.
Before the department meeting my friend ate a dish that I had lied to me.
At a cash desk where I had gone to buy 16 rolls of kitchen paper her child, who spoils our furniture.
hen my mother interfered in my life me.
I wanted to borrow lecture notes from a friend and he did not work to someone else.
During a football match, the other team was rude and they hurt my however, I fooled around with my roommate, and didn't start studying until 12:00 am. I was disgusted with myself.
xchange of points of view with my sister on a family matter mine used the name of another one for his own benefit.
When I was forced to call the telephone company about a bill use them for fighting purposes.
While in the army, I was treated unfairly by my superiors.  I was am in a restaurant.
 No response. were broken. His shoe was thrown about 50 yards after the accident.
In a course I thought that I deserved good marks but I only got consider or respect my feelings.
ad an argument with my classmate for borrowed books Winnebago trip down to USC in front of everyone (all my friends embarrassed my sorority house name).
hen stupid people push me during rush time in the city the house for two years receiving no financial support from them. As result I had to work more during school because they were expected by the FAO to contribute to my education when they refuse to do so.
My cassmate laughed at me when I was being scolded by the could not change my own reactions.
Being refused to attend the neuropsychology lecture in the magazines wiith naked girls on them at the kiosk.
On the way home from Marstrand I was driving behind my father's Once we went to the cinema after school and she sat next to me and commented the movie throughout  - very disgusting.
When after a lot of provocation my child threw a plate on the committing various acts.
hen a girl left me sisters badly.
Told by some people the class leader only choose his friends (not catering establishment. It is a result either of the look of the food or when watching the way some people eat.
When I was studying in the library - preparing for a test, two possible application but was denied an interview. I felt disgusted at the system which by promoting the cause of minorities makes employing whites lowest priority.
When I read about Reagan's tactical decision concerning the wanted to talk to me.
Recently when my sister, who is four years younger than me and came to visit us and I felt disgusted at him.
ailed to be elected to be a class leader boyfriend had been hitting her and beating her quite harmfully.
Some noisy guests arrived at the hotel.  I had been slightly dressed up as a doctor and went to work. The volunteer coordinator told me after my shift that it was dangerous to have done what I did.
I had an implicit agreement with my sister about meeting her, (mistreated and used).
My fiancee and I were at my parent's place watching TV. There woodwork and jumping on the bandwagon and that disgusts me.
One night I could not practise my violin as my family was naked and dead along a roadside. It turned out she had had two relatives 14 and 19 who were kidnapped, raped and killed earlier.
Mr C took my drawing pens, without having asked for my permission is quite happy for him to play around - as well as herself.
 After an examine I had been satisfied with. graduate. The way one of my fellow-students behaved made me feel disgusted.
omeone told me we are not as good as the All English Class human in her. She refused to accept the flowers we gave her for the eighth of March and asked for a foreign parfume instead.
My classmate used her personal relations to get a seat for a Africa.
 An unfair punishment. verbally.
A relative of mine had come to see my husband to talk to him back of the lorries.
When I found out that the guy I was dating at a particular time encounters, while I held a vision of having a deepening above-board (you know, ""girl next door"") devotion to a girl in my
 No response. head. My drives and actions did not match this so consequently I felt disgusted at my failure.
 No response. a rugby tour of South Africa.
Having gone to school without learning anything, as usual. relatively defenseless individual, consciously. I feel disgust mingled with anger. A person on my dorm floor verbally assaulted another person for having a certain religious belief.
My superior blamed me for some neglects at work in front of Europeans with young asiatic prostitutes.
The sports fishermen who catch gulls instead of fish with their hooks. show pornographic videos and then afterwards (when most people had had quite a bit to drink) carried on in a very degrading, unmoral manner - especially females exposing and flaunting themselves with no shame or embarassment.
I worked with several classmates on a project.  I was very the experimentor, some homosexuals are funny or cute, but this guy was disgusting. Plus the experiment was about gays too.
eing insulted by my roommate (she is in the English Class) Africa.
inding out that I was deceived by a friend because she blew her nose. I detested his behaviour.
I had a discussion with my mother concerning my sister's divorce, smell came and sat next to me, to top it all he smoked continously.
I had a date with a friend to see a movie and my friend was late. her.
A person close to me mistook my good intentions for bad, and mine.
My employer took too many aspirins for a bad back and also drank to be clean and orderly. (I do not like to be in unclean environments).
In traffic I often get relatively angry with other drivers. I only knew the child and had not come into contact with either parent. I tried to do what was best for the child. The event and the stepfather disgusted me.
When close relatives tried to dissuade me from studying in confidence about someone else.
I am a school teacher.  One of the classes does not obey me at all, me (two men and a woman).  They were drunk and the conversation was unbelievable (about fucking, fellatio, etc...).  They tried to get others to take part in the conversation.  I loathed it and felt like crying.
My girlfriend disliked it when I played majong (a game of gambling).  made heavy advances to me.  I did not understand very well what it was all about but I reacted strongly and the feelings are still there.
When I argue with my boyfriend, I feel as though he feels refectory of our institute.
eing put down by the class leaders over-protecting and selfish attitudes.
A colleague asked me for some advice and as he did not have who were all fighting and going against what they would say was good.
aw my unfair report drugs and alcohol. They take advantage of these things usually for an excuse for the fantasies which they like and so they do things stupidly and unjustly.
My life-partner, who was drinking more and more, spoke about Christmas dinner with my grandparents and other relatives and is very drunk.
hen the morning newspaper has not arrived affairs with my future husband. After that she behaved as if nothing had happened.
When I told off a computer teacher who did not want to teach me awful to see such suffering.
When my boyfriend sat up half the night playing computer games scouting program. They showed a lack of interest, unrest, and at times just plain rude behavior.
Being insulted in front of my parents, and they believed other in an abominable way.
Before the certificate examination I was very poor in Biology year went out 2 or 3 times with a high school girl whom he claimed not to like.
When I did not find the rack used for beating up rugs, in the world woman.
My father accused my brother of having bumped his car, and it was That person had been dishonest with me and I felt used.
A drummer who had borrowed my drums destroyed both the drumskin interrupt everyone of my fellow students each time we had a class with her in our first year.
alling in love although she is my friend (angry with myself) and a few of them said awful things about women. I became disgusted by their narrow-mindedness.
When we were in high school a few guys sometimes provoked a but he behaved badly with a girl who used to trust us completely.
omething was stolen because I was prepared and thought I did well.
I had an appointment downtown, and the person in question was mine got so drunk that he didn't realize what he was doing and it was quite shameful.
omeone played a trick on me classmates.  The things they talked about disgusted me and made me feel ill at ease.  I knew that I would feel unhappy if I stayed there but I was defeated by the social norms.
When my parents drove me to a nearby place and went home urinated on the floor in front of everyone.
ought something bad from the shop and they refused to change it That we should not smoke in our house... and asked not even politely. It disgusted me because I think people need to adapt to the situation.
 No response. homework at university and disgusted about my lack of retention. Especially in learning another language.
aw some young people fighting for seats on a bus run over me and my friends during our autumn brigade.
When I was pointed out as a problem child in primary school and very loudly about an Indian man & white woman with children - how horrible that was and would I want to have little dark children.
My intimate girlfriend told me that her father was opposed to our Halloween. They build a large bonfire and place a life size dummy of a witch. The crowd cheered when the dummy burst into flames.
Some classmates said I did not do enough social work. Therefore I vile smelling man on the tram who got closer and closer to me till I got up, then he got angry.
I was coming home in a taxi with a fellow worker of mine.  He was intelligent people, warned me I had to move in the nearest future. But I had difficulties in moving my luggage because I couldn't wait for a car to come. How amazed I was to hear them threatening me they would throw our my things. And at that my luggage was well packed and did not stand in their way. I was quite  disappointed and disgusted.
 No response. quarrel with my parents and me. He feels we are hampering his living close to us. This has been going on for quite a long time.
When, after a week at school, a teacher sent a note home saying I just happened to be there but I was abhorred by the rudness.
eing slandered by friends compartment of an air conditioned mini-bus.
Physical violence. A friend wouldn't listen to me I repeatedly people similarly - including lying, hiding facts, being deceitful, unfair, etc.
Angry when our team (small boys) lost the county championship purified before it leaves Latimer Hall from the drains.
riends who torture animals asking stupid questions to the TA. just to get attention. She was obviously ass-kissing. It happens in every Econ. discussion held weekly.
hen friends try to put me down or hurt me heavily and started picking arguments.
When students in our working group showed no responsibility or physically me and my mother.
hen my car suddenly broke down  jr. high classmates who didn't work at all on their schoolwork and who would coplain and take my tax money when I was older and more successful than they were. At the time I pictured some adults like this that I knew in the complaining situation.
isunderstood deliberately by a close friend and received money through grants which he did not need. Another person is barely making it, did not lie, and did not receive enough money.
hen someone stole my bike to sex.
A ""higher status"" colleague of mine despised my attitude and and this disgusted me.
At a restaurant I observed how the gypsies tried to get money by that he was superior.
eing insulted by my roommate was annoyed, proceeded to ignore me for several meets with no apparent reason.
I came across a girl at the school bus-stop, I had seen her considered of no consequence.
We had fixed time for practice as we had to participate in the After the film I felt disgust.
When I tried to put up a tent some years ago, I was teased and finish it off with a flat shovel. I would have taken cat to veterinary to either kill humanely or cure.
When my sister took my things without having asked for my permission reluctant.  Although I do not know him I feel disgusted by just looking at him.  Thinking that the project lasted several days I regreted having joined that project.
eing told that I am a stupid person a rat.
When I saw that my bed at the hostel was a mess I guessed that managers to their actions esp.
hey had returned much less of my taxes than I had expected he misbehaved and dressed very badly.  So disgusting !
uarrelled with my younger brother which turned out to be weeks old (completely separated).  It took a while for the milk to seep through the bun.
My brother told me that a person (whom I know) had insulted him.  Football team) which I am a member and can only see the situation in a bad light and always put the team down.
My nephew is a deaf and also ""hyperactive"" boy. I had been mostly at a philistinism.
eing mistreated by other people my norms of behaviour.
Last week I had planned to play tennis and had booked a tennis it is very difficult to teach somebody when you yourself are not competent and cultured.
During the Summer, at my workplace, a person kept interfering in Penthouse.
 No response. gutter, in broad daylight.
y roommate was rude to me mental testing papers in B.A.
eople not resprcting my opinion wharf for cigarettes - a prostitute in Auckland (elderly).
hen my boyfriend went away for a month long holiday without me thought I would get. After going through the questions I felt that the grader had graded harshly and I had made only a few ? errors.
hen one is unjustly accused of something one has not done trusted, the man who should have been my mainstay - my father. I could hardly make myself (and the others) believe in this emotion. It has cumulated after events and deeds. Everything can happen in this world.
The surname of my brother was different from ours.  He often up to me after I had used her and acted as if nothing had changed.
Some foreign students playing loud music before the biology people were not advanced.
hen I quarelled with my parents disgusted at his reaction.
aw in the TV South Korea cheating in the Asian Olympic games brother-in-law in putting down various ethnic groups and also my unwillingness to challenge him about these attitudes in order to keep the peace.
My father and I had an argument because I do not help enough at had done was wrong and it disgusted me.
Your prejudice against psychology students and education students had lived there all summer by himself had never cleaned the place.
Angry with my brother, who was making fun of me, teasing me. who behaved impudently with the girls standing by.
A drunken friend of mine was beating up another friend, who was provoked her and just utilized her.
When I heard on the radio that the football match in Belgium had that a bathroom tap had been left to drip with a faulty fawcet.
ad at my dad seeing many others during our relationship.
My boy-friend came home late one night without having told me to have killed 380 people. He was a recreational killer and a necrophiliac and zoophiliac. He has raped and beaten many women and killed men too.
Being subject to unfair treatment in a working group, someone He had been shot with a shotgun at close range.
omeone called me a disgusting nickname was raped.
hen I spoke to Jan-Erik Wikstr÷m on the telephone one"" at my friend's place.
he sight of a man who ran amok (fighting) at a dance normal people.
Unjust accusations directed at me and my way of acting, by accomplish.
An utterance, which I had intended to be a joke, was taken as an with a guy she did not know because she got drunk. (Se has a boyfriend too).
ome boys deliberately played tricks on me in the experiments roaches in ther bathroom. I had never seen a roach before but I called my mother to make sure that's what they were. And she came over and checked.
verhear people talking about me and saying that I am stupid change to buy wine.
With the job appointments committee when the headmaster in charge meat dishes which make me feel sick.
I was angry at my boyfriend who had promised to come to see me call for me.  I had to go downstairs to receive it and after the conversation I discovered that all the information had disappeared from my mind.
At my Summer job, nobody looked after me in particular and I had people to force me to a norm of behavior without having legal or moral rights to do it. I felt this emotion when a neighbour of mine made me kick out my guests because they had talked very loudly and threatened that with ""connections"" she will expel me
Someone told me that I was chosen for English lectures because from the inst.
One of my best friends accused me of giving up to early on 300 women and habitually copulated into their inert bodies.
My friend half-teasingly called me a bad nickname.  I felt reform (on the radio - listening with 2 others).
Being sexually assulted on a bus and noone helped (people only others who were unable to defend themselves was taken down a few notches and he began to grovel. I was disgusted with his grovelling and the manner in which he had treated others.
My parents put pressure on me to buy clothes, when I would not whom were younger than her. On one occasion my brother did something my sister didn't like. A full-scale battle began.
My friend often played a joke on me and sometimes I thought that he tried to flatter other people and did not respect me.
A lady I live with had not bothered to clean up before she went   saw the skins emerged in a liquid which ressembled putrification.
outh Korea cheating for gold medals the road.  I got goose flesh because of this.
hen my partner was attacked and lost three teeth a differentt school came to my room here at UNZA in my absence.  He was drunk and he vomited in my room.  I was unhappy.
 friend forgot his appointment with me was disgusting in itself.
At work, when an elderly man complained unjustifiably about me and demolished car with two fatally injured passengers.  The car was so badly damaged that they couldn't get the bodies out at the scene of the accident.
Disagreements with mother.  When I moved from KankaanpSS, she had rooms were allotted to first year students who were from ""Rucher""
uarreling with classmates and came from influential families.
I felt unfairly treated at an airport, being told to use a prostitute who was not older than 18.
Someone didn't show up at a meeting in spite of having agreed to his skin came peeling off.
I got angry at a friend of mine whom I caught reading my notebook big dish with roast cauliflower and sauce.  I had to eat it.
y best friend betrayed me and told other people my secrets community and so I had many opportunities to contact the government and the committee members of the district board (a local executive structure).  We always tried to consult and discuss with them, but we found that such people did not understand community affairs and they even dampened our enthusiasm in local affairs.  I did not understand why they had decided to work as community leaders.
I was subject to false accusations, and got very angry. him up, cold and glassy eyed, to get rid of the corpse.
 locked myself out having extremely bad manners.
 No response. so beautiful but on the screen appered as something mechanical, irrational, disgusting and dehumanizing.
omeone spread rumours about me itself but with the disagreable smell of the pages of the book.
Whenever my father smokes the smell makes me feel very left me.
When I heard that my step-mother had treated my mother in a wrong very difficult person to stay with and when she started telling false stories about us to other people.
 was told to do something I did not want to do brother came home he ate it all.  I was really disgusted about it.
On the T.V I saw a news feature on South Africa.  A policeman      me a room the next day, but he failed to keep his promise.
My parents do not like my friend and told me to stay away from Before getting into the bus I had prepared the exact amount of coins to pay for the bus fair and when I got into the bus I put these coins into the box meant to collect the bus fair.  I thought that I had paid and wanted to get inside.  However the bus driver called me and asked me in an impolite way if the coins were stuck at the opening  of the box.  He had not seen me paying and there wasn't a stack of coins in the box.  I could not understand this and the driver kept questioning me.  He made me feel angry and at last i inserted a dollar coin in the box just to get away from him.  Later I found that I had forgotten a few coins in my pocket and had not paid enough for the fair the first time.  After I had entered the bus I could still hear him scolding me and I felt disgusted.
In September 1984, I was forced to live with someone I did not financially.
In a tram, the ticket seller was commanding, taking the role of a who was under the influence of alcohol.  They terrified him with the thought of arrest by driving close behind him on a pedestrian street.  My disgust was directed at the gestures and the facial expressions of the policemen; they seemed to be enjoying themselves.
A close friend first said he accepted an agreement, but later class went to Britain.  Before he left, his classmates and some of us who were accquainted with him had a B.B.Q on the beach.  When I arrived I saw that some people , who were not close friends of the departing person(person A), were playing mahjong.  Some others were playing bridge and A had nothing to do, besides it was A who had prepared the food.  Later when we wanted to talk and his classmates did not even have the decency to listen to him.  They only asked him a few questions half-heartedly and then they talked on their own.  Some of their conversation was against me and  another classmate.
When I was driving home after  several days of hard work, there had learnt all the lines.
When I got into a bus I found that my wallet had been stolen. operation.
A male, Honduran acquaintance of mine despised my opinions. herrings with fruit salad.
I was on vacation, and therefore I did not attend a meeting of vomitting on each other.
When I had been obviously unjustly treated and had no possibility had not expected this from him as he was a mere friend.
When a colleague asked me for help at work, despite the fact bathroom on time.
isunderstood by friends big, fat, slimy green toad by my side.
When I tried to breake it up with my boyfriend, and he refused to consequences.
Two years back someone invited me to be the tutor of her tried to ask me something but I did not answer so he began to speak about me with his companion.  I detested this dirty growling man.
 girl I was with went off with another guy their place.
The day the results of the Chinese university was announced I that a friend of hers had had all her teeth taken out because of an infection caused by her eating a rat's nail in her hamburger.
eing insulted in public for the wrong reason and talked to me for half an hour or more.  However there was nothing important in the conversation and I found the person very disgusting.
nsulted by teacher in and started eating food he had brought from the kitchen while I was trying to concentrate on the program.
us conductor insulted me for not buying a ticket (I forgot) actually refused me.  When I confronted her she started insulting me.
My mother and her friends were speaking badly about my father its skull crushed.
I could not find my monthly tickets for the bus when I was on the food had gone bad.
eing insulted on a bus told me that she would not go back to school because she was pregnant.
Without my permission, my son had made popcorn after coming back Copenhagen.  The room was full of men, who panted and masturbated.  Very disgusting.
nsulted by other people in the shop that it was P.A she started criticizing it saying, ""I hate that
My parents did not approve my choice of a boyfriend (now an course.""  She just shows off in front of other people.
The editor changed the heading of an article that I had written.  man asked me for a doctor.  He then showed me his genitals and asked me to cure him myself.
eeting generally dominating persons in social occasions the Summer holidays.  I met him the day of the registration and looked  through him.  In the canteen he asked me if I wanted to have a drink and  I said no as I did not want him to do me a favour.
There was a sofa in my flat which belonged to the old tenants who drain.
When I got caught in the pouring rain last Thursday and did not been sold to somebody else.
hen I was talking to HIM at a party for the first time in a long while and a friend came and interrupted us and HE left squandered the money of the association.
When a car is overtaking another and I am forced to drive off the his friend and later carried on using the same knife to cut meat.
When I saw a big man hit another one, and nobody did anything. friend's country house and there was nobody there to help me.
I was accused of a misdemeanour, unjustly. awful liquid accumulated at the bottom.
When my father phoned me to come home from my vacation, since he woman-officer-in-charge was very rude and did not seem to have respect for anyone.
A boyfriend with whom I split up with came over to a friend's was eating desperately as if someone was going to take his plate away.  He did it with gluttony.  He wiped his hands on his suit several times and it was full of crumbs.
 man was unfair to a girlfriend of mine in my cup.
At an anti-pornography meeting, when samples from films and funny and one of the guys started laughing and spat his food in a girl's face.
A friend unjustly put the blame on me to relieve his conscience who was asking for directions in a thick voice.  When she got up to go a disgusting smell of urine came from her.  I felt that I would choke.
hen I entered a toilet in a bar and it stank swearing at everyone and carried on drinking even though she could hardly stand.
Recently in the tram, a man ran his fingers over my girlfriend cornet.
inding out my grades at the end of my Sophomore year She treated us strictly and punished us physically.   These things were intolerable.
 saw part of a Prince video with him crawling out of a bath tub bad taste.
When a begggar approached me for money, I felt disgusted. could, and once put me in a difficult situation after which I could not but detest him.
A girl, who is a friend of mine was having an affair with a boy I find that this classmate is very disgusting.
laughtering of animals when I was not responsible for the theft.
I am disgusted by people who spoil their identity because of turned into sadness-unpleasantness.
When a close relative got quite drunk. It was a relative that I (prostitute) run away from a house after having been discovered by the guardian.
The repression of rioting and non-rioting ""Blacks"" in South going from a to e for each question.  She asked me to do all this in one and a half hours.  It involved a lot of describing and explaining and even though I knew all the answers, I could not finish the work.
I felt disgust as a result of one of my midterms - I thought I had thought, for instance friends who steal and things like that, quite unwarranted.
When I heard about the treatment of a friend in jail. Really music from my three band radio cassette.  There was only young Kaley there and he explained, "" Your aunt has sold it as she
When my parents-in-law scolded me, without any reason, in front of the wanted to buy clothes.""
When I think now about the way my father behaved when filing a not dare to speak out.
oing poorly on a midterm in Woodlands.
I was disgusted from a quarrel between two married people, in in mathematics, but it was someone else who got the prize.
At a party my best girlfriend got really drunk and went off with me when I was not around and had betrayed me by making friends with my boyfriend's other girl.
On a trip to Santander a child sitting beside me fell ill and me.
y roommate messing up our room pregnant illegitimately.
 No response.  I had not prepared and the teacher asked several questions during class.  The students were not ready to answer the questions and the teacher was frustated.
hen my husband quarrelled with me for no reason at all meant to be a joke.
When I study my butt off for a midterm and still get an average Indira Gandhi.
When I discovered that the house we had hired in Tonga was full open.  We passed beside it.
ncouter with a prostitute It was so filthy that it really made me sick.
One day I was in the countryside with several friends, and we melody but had no content.  We lived together so when he played the recorder I was forced to listen to them.  I could not tell him that I did not like to listen to the songs, as I had no right to disturb the freedom of others.  So I would find a pretext to leave the room and go somewhere else.
I hate the behaviour of my so called friends, they use bad door.  I thought that one of my family members would step on the spit and bring the germs in the house.
I saw the gare of a prison.  This gare and the building were in affairs.
 No response. from our homes to the lectures here every day.  The way the whole thing was handled disgusted me.
I feel disgust with some people when I see what they are capable injuries and helplessness.  The realization that the animal was so badly hurt that it had to be put down, and when the animal screamed at the moment of death.
One day when I was sitting in a not very crowded bus, a middle  class during a tough mathematics examination.
When reading a newspaper story of a man who had committed not go to the training school that year but only the year after.
hen I was getting so fat found him screwing my girlfriend.
 striking act of ingratitude at a public vehicle on, he dansed, spoke nonsense and behaved stupidly.
I once saw an old man up the road, fossicking through the rubbish equates them to an animal or a thing.
My flatmate and close friend living and sleeping with another dead fly in my gravy.
y roommate talking and shaking her bed at night attracting everybody's attention.  The worst thing was that she was discussing something, about which she knew nothing, with another person.
Seeing a friend ""making love"" to a high school girl. I a mini bus which was full of drunk students.  I felt very disgusted.
I once saw a programme on TV describing how certain wild life promise.
I felt disgust with a person whose behaviour was out of the my excellent certificate.
At the sight of an insect, such as the black-beetle. people who expressed opinions that I considered very low and discriminating.
A colleague of mine asked a lecturer to put him a higher mark in there was no water to clean up.
I found out that someone that I knew had someone else taking doing anyhting that did not concern him.  A few of us prepared lunch together and had decided to share the work.  My roomate had promised to do the same but I had to wash the bowls everytime after dinner.  I tried to wait and thought that he would realize his fault.  I did not want to tell him to do the work as he is a university student and ought to have self-respect.  He disappointed me and so every time I saw him I tried to avoid him and did not want to keep any contact with him.
Having unwanted attention paid to me in my place of work - Walpurgis night.
When I was in Eindhoven on an Exhibition of Hernan Nitsche, who when we were separated - pending divorce.
atching a TV documentary on seal clubbing vomited.
When a friend of mine keeps telling me morbid things that interested, dirty, negative, egoist, bad peolpe,......
My roommate being nice to a party leader in order to get into the time I felt disgusted and thought that it was a nonsense thing.
I felt disgusted on seeing my boyfriend after our separation.  strangely dressed were seated in the middle of the street.  They began to eat while carressing each other.
When I woke up one morning and went to the kitchen I discovered down on the vomit nearly choking himself to death.  Then he fainted and so I called the first aid.
I was once raped (one year ago) by a man who was a lot older than her time.
When I first saw the state of a cafeteria in the grounds of the called my mother.
A few days ago I saw two dandy girls of my age. I disliked their foresaw that we would be eating frog-burgers by the year 2000.  An illustration showed a frog between two pieces of bread.
hen I read racist slogans on the walls almost a brothel.
Saw two Canadian students boasting about how rich they are in leaving a trace of blood behind, finally it entered the mouth of one of the actors.
When I stand at the bus stop for one hour waiting for the bus to him and understand him but when I was with him I could not help rejecting, criticizing and blaming him.  I wanted to get away from him as soon as possible.
hen I heard about the disaster in Bophal (India) practicals of G220.
When I was an auxiliary nurse at the hospital and I had to change helplessly.
My boss on the job failed to keep his promise about something he time.
When I lose on my bets on anything - baseball, football, prostitute.
A piece of work was marked as bad by the teachers I and some because it was far away from my house.
aw a scene in a movie implying incest as humorous behaviour.  They did not find anything so they broke things like the windows, glasses etc.
A person I know who tells lies and so pretending to be better said meaningless things and seemed to indicate something to me but I did not love/like her.
I was an instructior in a youth organization.  Whenever we, the UNZA.  I had expected a ""C+"" or a ""B"" as M160 is easy, going by my
I feel disgusted when people do not understand me in the right capacity in mathematics.
I have felt this feeling when a person whom I believe and respect, going on in the world.
 saw in the street a man spitting withdrawn  and so I would not get hostel accomodation at UNZA, even though I registered as a student later.
I feel disgust at my neighbour, because she comes to our house with to find some visitors at my place.
When my friend who is close to me got engaged and did not invite  One day my friend went off to another booth to play.  This meant that I was very busy and could not maintain order.  His behaviour disgusted me.
hen people around me did not understand me the right way with roast chicken), I felt disgusted.
When other people refuse to do their house jobs and give the class.
I was supposed to be studying for my math midterm a few days ago, would clean the bowls.  One day when I came back from school I found that she had not cleaned up.  Since I had to cook dinner I cleaned them myself and felt unhappy and disgusted.
When I had to eat scraps from a dust-bin, because of a bet. we were playing near his home.
When somebody behaves like a scoundrel. Recently a colleague of Kafue.  The woman had been cut to bits, there was blood and        splinters of bone every where.
I read a newspaper article about dogs being stolen in order to driver made the same excuse every day.
riends calling me fat - pear shaped in front of a nice girl probably an imposter.
From the cigarette smoke. Usually I feel disgust from it when I bad that she fainted and it was only then that my dad realized how bad it was.
A drunk walked out in front of a car at night. Both lower legs to pieces.  Above all, it was the blood and the confusion which impressed me most.
My girlfriend lost her temper without any reason and she did not in the kitchen.  I was going to clean it when I found that the drum was full of mud and slime.  I felt disgusted.
A friend of mine had sex with someone of a different race on a forward to visits. On his birthday (by coincidence it was on ""Mummy's day"") however, nobody went to see him. Is the own family
My parents claimed me on their income tax after I had been out of more important than grandfather ?
hen my husband told me about his pre-marital affairs man-hole.
I was dominated by a certain person and even though I knew it I commit suicide and as a result of this got a week custody.
When I tried to explain to my child as to why there were overindulged in the notes delivered.  Though his curiosity could not be blamed, his way of accquiring knowledge was an extreme behaviour e.g he always tried to know what I was reading and gained everything he could.
In secondary school I had a class-mate who talked too much.   that he had to throw up. Worst of all was that he couldn't leave my friend alone and that he was molesting her.
Flicking through a magazine showing pictures of homosexual men at a man without any reason whatsoever.
When my mother's new husband treated her and my brothers and obey my parents orders.
Such a feeling springs up in me sometimes when I have meals at a wearing a transparent dress, such things are not sopposed to be seen in African society.
I applied for a job of GALSO counselor and I made the strongest tries to manipulate other people with his money when he has drunk too much.
I deliberately avoided a person who I wanted to hurt, and who black rubbish bag.
O RESPONSE money that I had and I had no way of getting any money in the few following months.
When I had exams a relative of ours, who lives in another city, aunt had been bedding a young man on a regular basis.
isgust with drunk people all.
he lift of Stockholm central station stank of vomit and urine a feeling of disgust overwhelms me. When I stay a week-end at my parent's place I will remember it for long time.
One of my very good friends came to me for advice as her reconciled, despite my father's long-time addiction.
Right now I volunteer at a hospital. Yesterday, Halloween, I and did not do anything to defend me.
When I saw a T.V programme on animals in the film world sounded very dirty. (He can't help it of course).
Now that the 49ers are winners, the fans are coming out of the the lecturer was conducting the lecture and the kind of responses he got from the patients.
 sour looking man was beating his thin dog in Remuera child was very upset when arriving at home.
I read in the newspaper about a 21 yr. old woman who was found personally.
A friend of mine goes out with this guy. She sleeps with him but thrown through the frontwindow of a car. His face was completely away.
It was at a comsomol(??) meeting, the last one because we were to she and her friend decided to go and live together. She needed money for removal, then she made a great effort to reconcile.
I felt disgusted about a teacher who had rejected all that was in this programme used very difficult words which I couldn't understand. They acted exaggerated without showing any feeling.
During a movie in which I saw the effect of white settlers in together, we dislike each other.
 greeted a friend and he did not respond jokes about which they laugh. Or my mother who treats me like a little child.
O RESPONS old.
My brother gave me a beating because he could not beat me abuse.
I worked in a harbour and emptied latrine containers from the underneath the sink (I live in a students hostel).
At what I was capable of of selfishly using others for sexual terrible feeling I disgust her whole appearance.
When the N.Z. rugby union announced that they would proceed with uncle.
When one individual takes advantage of and/or injures another studying biochemistry which has no job prospects in Zambia.
ecause of the examination I had to study night and day very drunk and in all likelihood had not slept indoors for a long time and had relieved himself in his trousers.
 relative not acting on her promise be solved readily.
When I was touring Asia with my present football team, I saw old stories about torturing people or animals.
A gathering of a social sports club at which they proceeded to class. When they were back home I heard people tell ""strange""
I took a psych. experiment with a totally unappealing gay man as stories about my friend and that girlfriend.
With the N.Z. Rugby Union wanting to send the All Blacks to South where a sewer had been repaired.  There was a bad strong smell which suffocated me and I wanted to leave the place immediately.
It was in a tramway-carriage: A stranger insulted a girl just international. There I read (for the first time) a description of the tortures of a woman, what they did to her.
I was sitting in the bus and a man with a very unpleasant but , on the other hand, it has been with repulsive animals, i;e snakes on T.V.
When an employer of my younger sister (17 yrs) made a ""pass"" at and his adepts).
alking to someone I disliked torture.
When a man spoke very sexistly in the company of some friends of felt a dead bird laying under my bed.
I felt disgusted when I was in a restaurant which didn't appear next day he told me that he had chat up with another girl.
A child told me she had been sexually abused by her step-father. questions and expressed her opinions.  She, very often, took a stand which was different from mine and she thought that it was better than mine.  Her opinions were helpful academically, but  she did not take into consideration my position in public.  Also she seemed to be very talkative and so she disgusted me.
One of my good friends told people something I had told her washing.
While travelling in a bus, there were three people sitting behind morning.  I was disgusted at his behaviour.
When I was a young teenager (14)  my brother-in-law to be had suspended from nods, blood everywhere, decompsition.
Some time ago I was disgusted with the ""cleanness"" of the Disgusting he'd better be a stallion.
obbery mentioned under sadness college in the morning, then in the cake shop, three times during the trip home and again when I got home.
Disgusted with boyfriend's mother - her overpowering, little cup. There was a thick white ""wad"" in it. I tried to take
I came across a group of people with the same basic ideas/beliefs it out and throw it in the sink.
I'm very disgusted when I see people abusing their body with torturing was done.
eception from a person I loved very much till she needed me and broke it off when she did not need me.  She behaved life a really selfish person.
When my uncle comes (3 times a year) for the traditional teacher, resulting in getting a higher grade. This occurred often with her.
I hate hypocrisy. My friend (girl) tried to intrude into my familiar with the disgust of Sartre (la nausTe), a frequently occurring cause may be described as ""the self-assured dullness"".
ith an alcoholic book to read, and she did not care to give me back the book during the exams.
When I saw all the starving people in Ethiopia on T.V.  It felt armor race, starvation, etc. Then one realizes that mankind is bad, most important is power and money, at the cost of nature and mankind.
I was disgusted at the behavior of these boys I work with in the He spoke as if he was God himself, and didn't discuss the way he had achieved this position.
I feel disgust with my first boyfriend who made fun of our love the environment and the noise.
I thought that the guy I had been associating with for over a concentrate and was lazy.  He had not done the home work that I  had assigned and his academic level was very low.  It was a nuisance.
During a summer holiday at a bar I happened to see a dead to the was forced to wipe it up.
ostgraduate students talking about girls stupid slimy fellow towards a professor.
I felt disgusted when I found out that someone had betrayed me. thoroughly content with it.
hen I see the acts and deeds of a blind drunk man worst but it had the desired effect - very strong.
I felt disgust with a lady teacher who used to nag, to mock, to for the fun of a few elder Italian authorities, during World War II.
My friends and I were sitting at a restaurant. We were talking elder brother as he puts the T.V volume at a deafening level and I can not practise my piano lessons.  Thus I feel that my home is disgusting.
I had a very good friend (boy) and I thought I could rely on him to complete an assignment.
I didn't do very well on a midterm and I'm disgusted with myself even think about me when she did not need me.
I felt disgust with alcohol in general when a close friend of terrible smell.
 No response. that it disgusted me.
I had been forced to get together with strange and disgusting thing to one person and the same thing in another way to another person and this makes people quarrel among themselves.]
With a woman who had walked into my place of employment and talking of a person as disgusting or inacceptable.]
People who came to our home - and requested ""Put out your smoke"". but I respected him.  When he tried to talk to someone, they would not listen to him and I could not bear seeing this.
I was disgusted by my paranoid attitude towards myself, my semester exam.  I failed one of the exams, and when I looked at my results I felt disgusted and then I got angry.
I am disgusted with the behavior of a car driver whose car would procrastinated.
I work part-time as a shop-assistant and a customer spoke to me boyfriend, we had a quarrel. Then he hit me. At that moment I found him disgusting.
I attended a ceremony in Denmark which is comparable to our up the contents of another patient's spitoon.
Very intoxicated men who incite each other to fight.   I met a that they were cheap in thought, behaviour and conduct - they would smoke, fight and speak foul language.  I thought that they destroyed the image of college students.
In autumn I had to move to another lodging. My landlords, quite next to me talking in an intense and soft voice.  They were disturbing others.
I am disgusted with a nieghbour who is looking for all sorts of woman oiut of the mini-bus simply because she could not pay the fare for her luggage.
I got disgusted with a man who was beating a woman in the street. their physical appearance.
Someone, who was sitting very close to me, was smoknig in the not like my going to see a friend who has been introduced to me by this same friend of mine.  I would like to be friends with both of them, but she does not like this as she is possessive and would like me to be close only to her.
Disgust for a person who treated me badly, and has treated other filming it for a pornographic movie.
I was disgusted to find out that the water isn't filtered or put her hands on the table in order to beat her hands up. She forced by means of her power.
When I saw a girl in my economics discussion section smiling and like to be around alcoholics.
Coming home one night - my sister was home, and had been drinking and how all men should renounce their desires and pleasures to please God. I could never understand how something that brings you joy could be a sin.
Many times, when my father used to come home drunk and maltreated in mud.
I feel disgusted with the bootlickers, with helpless people. immorality.
I vividly remember having feelings of disgust toward some of my play.
hen a skunk invaded camp knocking on the door.  Then he started calling me names and saying that he had heard that I had been talking behind his back, this was a lie and the guy was drunk to the core.
etting a low grade on my physics midterm to close friends, even in situations that those friends need them.
 No response. whole night at a graduation party ceremony.
This person I know lied about how much income his parents made raped and assaulted one night by several men when she was unconscious.
hen I saw President Reagan get elected animals very badly. They disgusted me.
With a Manager who insists on making crude innuendos pertaining found that the bed had been wet the previous night.
I trusted a friend of mine, but she lied to me about something unimportant, irrelevant and minor points.  He tried to persuade    others in an unfriendly way.  He was obstinate and would not accept  other's point of view.
When I dined with my new friends, one of them kept reminding us Nijmegen. During the ride he asked me whether I was in for fun. The man was fat and tatooed.
When someone whom I considered my friend, without telling me he tries to make a quarrel with everyone available she disgusts me.
Prolonged ""niggling"" of friend on a single theme which I When we got the results he acted as if he did not merit this grade.  I found that his humility was hypocritical and I found it disgusting.
oticing my flat had maggotts  inhumanely. For example torturing in chili.
he smell of garlic in rush-hour bus of the foetus by throwing it in the drain.
hen my roommate forgets to flush the toilet torturing political prisoners in India (this happened in the India of Indira Ghandi).
I saw a film about the nazi concentration camps during the war. served, it disgusts me.
n Engineer I know wants war so he can get a job making bombs women.
Next door nieghbour ran over his cat in driveway, he tried to and saw how terrible everything looked like. I disgusted myself and everything I saw.
Knowing that I had to do the survey with him I felt very was the girl's cousin who had done it.
 lie on the part of a person close to me market and I had to stand there to wait for people.
I was looking for an object when I came across a rotten corpse of disgusting things so that I started to be disgusted with it. (Later on it proved that this was his intention).
Observation of people lost in the profit motive - i.e. business He had never had intercourse with anyone and had a terrible complex about it.
During the Chinese lessons a student often showed off. Moreover had found a form bearing my name in his other books and all my explanations fell on deaf ears.
With my mouth full of bun, I drank directly from a packet of milk to kiss me.
When people/press analyze a particular newsworthy item (CAL once I went to a very dirty lavatory and that disgusted me.
hen employer made a pass at me whilst I was at work (I can not remember what the problem was).  He continously tried to make me talk to him and disturbed me.
At an unworthy behaviour of a man, pettiness, stupidity and while his sister was raped.
The behaviour of a colleague of mine, which doesn't correspond to I even considered him unlikable.
bscene phone calls already fooling around with another guy.  I was disappointed as the guy was a rogue and I respected my girlfriend.
Some time ago a man tried to teach me something. ""Tried"" because with food in their mouth, etc.).
Sitting in the dorm when the guys were verbally reading letters killed and his head was put in the litter of his girlfriend. It looked as if she was pregnant, then she died. It is disgusting, I can hardly write it down.
 No response. and snacks in a snackbar, then we saw a shabby fellow. He took a cold half eaten croquette (a snack) from a rubbish bin and eat it.
I was driving along and saw this young guy urinating into the bus.  They also insulted the  pedestrians on the road and were impolite to the passengers of the bus.
I felt disgusted while studying for my applied psychology and victim was kicked against his head.
 No response. could not eat with them so I left the dinning hall.
hen I found out the CIA was mining Nicaraguan harbors concidence, their position was reversed. The other man was repressed in an identical way as he did before.
Watching an alcoholic woman who was approaching everyone at the not asked for but got it anyway.
ome boys boasting about their ability to tell dirty jokes Kapenta  with maggots in them. Oh !
Getting back my math midterm, I received a lower grade than I after.
 close friend took part in a racist violent action stank.
he event which got me angry got also an aversion in me defecated on the table side.
When I went home by train from Sicilia, I was molested by a man. their government was spending millions on celebrating being in power so many years. Then I saw all these people on TV needing food, etc.
I became disgusted with the man on whom I had counted, who I had marks was more important than my knowledge.
When someone I had had a relationship (purely sexual) with came mentally and physically handicapped persons. Although I tried to control my feelings, I was disgusted.
I was playing a sport in an advanced PE class and many of the school.
inding out some people had been talking about me at my back coughing and spitting into his plate.
When I was talking to a person who is a hypocrite, I felt by a man with the purpose that I saw it.
I get disgusted with the inherent racist attitudes of my father's best friend, and then ran away with him without even speaking to me about what she was doing letting me come home from school simply to find her gone. I was filled with disgust and contempt.
I had intercourse with someone and then I realized that what I specialist had been turned down. The specialist came from U.K. and went the same day and we do not have one.
Cleaning the bathroom of my apt. and realizing my roommate who addressed to me.  She denied having read it intentionally and said ""the words just popped out through the enveloppe as the sun
hen a close friend wilfully cheated me was shining on it"". Hah Hah.
For a drunk man (about 20 years old) that I met one evening, and racism she has been subjected to.
A friend's boy-friend treated her very badly, let her serve him, attendant. She was very dirty. She started to eat something out of a dirty cup - it must have been something like lard. Then she took some breadcrumbs out of the pockets of her apron and ate them. I had to leave - I felt like vomitting.
Having moved into a flat within the last week I felt some disgust life.]
 No response. and always wanted to kiss me.
Finding that a girlfriend of mine was a prostitute and had been playing a cricket match, and we lost the match; though the catch was difficult.
eading literature on AIDS/homosexuality showed how prisoners were treated.
I was reading in the paper the feature on Henry Lucas who claims what she had lived in the prisons in Iran. I felt disgust about that people.
I was present when they found a shop-keeper dead in his shop.  not like this young man. But suddenly he overcame me and kissed me. He was very strong so that I could not defend myself.
Through the media and their presentation of a kidnapped child who vomiting. It was so disgusting.
ur boarder burping after meals  to beg a drink for herself.
I happened to see the video-tape movie ""This is America - Part done something which I really didn't do.
I met three drunk boys, almost children, they didn't look like name. He (the teacher) said that he didn't give him this liberty.
My friends aren't working for the same common goal we all need to a couple. the man of the couple was a negro and he hadn't manners for eat.
When my roommate came home at 10 in the morning after sleeping be an alcoholic.  She spoilt many days of my holidays because of her behaviour and paranoia.
Once when I was babysitting for some neighbors children I found blood was dripping on the floor.
When I saw a wino by some cans with Food Stamps and use the his tickets, got very aggressive and started abusing and using his authority in a very wrong way.
During the week-end at home, my mother fries greasy and unhealthy things away because of his anger, after mum had shouted at him.
Once when I had started to write a paper, there was a phone disgusting, especially because I was eating.
I detest any kind of constraint and hate the attempts of elder it.
After learning on the news about this man who killed more than to find a real Mess, left by the guy we share with.
elping older people on the toilet killing each other.
Hearing Norman Jones get hysterical in Parliament about law ""Twentieth Century"".
When somebody who had been a bully and had acted cruelly to week. We lived in a hut and had to cook for ourselves. One day my friend did not succeed in preparing spaghetti. That dinner was terrible - nevertheless we all ate rather much and had an improper and unsavoury conversation.
My older sister used to pick on my brothers and sisters all of going to school saying she wanted to get married. She was only 14 years by then and she didn't understand what she was thinking.
When my friend, after a beer spree vomitted in my sitting room. (PIXOTE).
I made friends with a classmate whose behaviour I did not like - band. A tiny baby in a crawler had been left by his young mother, right out in the sun next to a speaker, and was screaming - probably in pain.
I visited a place in Morocco where they worked the leather.  I team.
A few days back, I walked on a heap of faeces while walking on ceremony.
Last week a former school (secondary) mate of mine, who is now in when we had the dissecting-course. I cannot understand why some persons like this course.
In a bus I fell sick and vomitted in a bag.  The entire situation to advance his own interests.
 saw some images of a decapitation in a horror film movie.
When I saw a picture, in the Gothenburg Post, of a totally picture theatre - seeing her rush up to a taxi that a very old sick man was trying to get to. Seeing her take over the taxi.
When my demand for accomodation on the campus was refused and the At that moment I did not care much but now the impression fills me with disgust.
When I entered a brothel and saw two sailors with a young people and collected more than was wanted, the surplus was for his family and himself.
When I saw a film in which the man suffered from an illness and    had given me a watch as a present and I lost it.  During the fight he accused me of having sold the watch.  I was disgusted at his false accusations.
I was at the table at a French friend's house.  They served me a non-smoking) with alcohol smell coming from person.
hen I was weeding the garden I found a lizard in my hand had been murdered by terrible methods.
I had joined a youth group that observed the affairs of our friend.
My dog had been run over and died near the house.  We had to pick shouted at my mother because she didn't get what she wanted, she wanted some salt to put in her relish.
Observing someone in the cafeteria noisily gulping in his food, dancing instructor - he is a ""user"", i.e., takes advantage of her
hen I found my girl in bed with another man good nature.
The first time I saw a pornographic film, all that in practice is a week only on meat.
When I was reading a book.  It had nothing to do with the book others.
I felt some disgust for my boyfriend for a time, after he had hygiene she comes always with her hair oiled, a not very agreable smell, and a bad appearance. Beside this she tries to be nice.
When my grandmother came to stay with us permanently as she is a boy put fire in a paper and threw it were I was sitting. The paper didn't get me, but I felt terribly disgusted at this cowardliness and irresponsibility that caused a great discussion. We went to the director and he, drunk as always, said that I was ... attention in school. I felt disgust of this situation, and of the persons implicated in it.
hen someone makes advances that one does not want acquaintance of hers.  My friend started showing off and telling false stories about herself and praising herself.
rovelling people cigarettes.
I found a big, black spider near a bag of food. experienced offensive smell which I never expected. I nearly ran away from the course.
hen I saw an accident where the man lost his head and out of jealousy he started calling me names.
I had prepared a special meal for my boyfriend but when my started to feel a certain necessity to get apart and I didn't want to see her anymore.
Ever since I have been a child, the sight of any kind of wound. initially wanted, and ended up doing something I had never thought I would do.
hen a dog is left whining outside a shop the Ward in which I was working. The patient was badly burnt in the right side of her body. I was very nervous at the sight.
An officer at the Dean of students office had promised me to give about with her boyfriend. I was disgusted with the news.
inding a hair in the soup to do.
A few days back I was waiting for the bus at the bus stop.  expected.
hen I was walking in a field which had a lot of manure girl.
hen I was told that I had no right to control my lover my fiancee.
When my relatives troubled me so that I would help them patient who had asked the very morning to be tapped of the fluid, dying in the evening. I was really disgusted because this was the Medical staff's negligence. Had the Clinical officers done something that very morning he might have been alive today.
While walking in town I noticed how the police harrassed a man part. She used all possible means. Although I behaved refusingly she did not give up for a longer time.
When I had to sleep in a bed at a hostel, which was full of dirt. piled on to our party and spoilt it completely.
hen I found out that someone close to me was flirting around not deserve.
eeing a film in which there were several bloody crimes remember they are not important or worth mentioning.]
During these Summer vacations a schoolmate who was not in my so strange gooey that I wasn't able to eat lunch because I remembered the scene all the time.
When I was substituted in a play which was to be staged, after I front of a group of my friends.
I saw a program on T.V where they had to saw a skull for an        travel and didn't like her. One night I was asleep while she and her friends were talking too loud in the kitchen. I got up to ask for silence and since that day I felt constant disgust for her.
At a Sm÷rgasbord table, a man mixed differnet kinds of picked crawling over all my body with that ... skins. The noise that they did disturbed me very much.
When I was young, one day in the car we fell sick and ended up to my friends, who did not approve of them.
I felt disgusted when a fellow student asked me to marry him.  I people are attended there.
he physical appearance of a meal how she hated herself for not having the will power to get out of such a situation because it was convenient, according to what she told me.
I had to wash my grandmother because she did not get to the will go to your English lectures and they do not understand English.
When after a storm in the country, I left my shelter and saw a food, we met a middle age couple from a small town that invited us to eat in their house. Their house was small, badly built with old and dirty forniture and utensils. The problem was with pans, and dishes, and even the food.
A situation of overt unfairness, manipulation of people and its thought he was disgusted and ""a friend"" of mine for whom I feel a
At the underground station, a drunkard came to speak to me.  He little disgust wanted to stay with him.
When I heard that my sister had shouted at my friend's cousin at what it was.
he sight of vomit on the street I saw the body of a slow-worm (without the head).
I was in the cafeteria at the university and a class-mate told me our's, about her eating habits and the scars caused by her pregnancy.
A brother from one of the Christian fellowship often phoned me she was to ""fresh"", dump and childish.
In the evening, while I was watching TV, my little brother came to your English lectures.
When a girl said in my back that we were in love, and she had the grounds of coming home late.
On the road there was a dead animal with its entrails showing and shake off from my body, they are everywhere, they get glued, they suck.  And there are a lot of them.  I panic.
When I found a maggot in my food at the dinning hall, all the feelings.
When my younger sister visited me during the school holidays and didn't have his documents. The savagery was too much, and the attacked person bleeded to much.
he man who threw me out of the flat disgusted me crab to eat at my request. But the fact that this crab was prepared antihygienically and his appearence was also antihygienically it caused me disgust but I ate it anyway.
Out of sheer curiosity, I went to see a pornographic movie in then my cousin, who is 4 years old, came with a muddy pot and made a mess of the whole thing.
A certain girl asked me what my major was and when I told her was her boyfriend.
One day I was going through the street door of my house, when a of whimsy.
My boyfriend and I did not have any contact with each other during  phisical aggrssion, etc.
When I saw several people washing their car with water from a sexual act I only could go away without looking backwards.
hen I had to dissect a live mouse at school hoping for.
 No response. a letter from a boyfriend.
When I found out that the seat in the coach that I had booked had The offensive smell that came out disgusted me in such a way that I didn't even dare to enter the room.
Seeing maltreated, dead animals. other friends and me.
hen I see pornographic films wound which, coming closer, made me feel like vomitting.
When the committee, to which I belong, was accused of having wedding reception we attended. Getting her out of the car when home took quite a while.
One of these people who sell meat in town used a knife to stab steps I was supposed to make in the negative way. This happened in front of spectators. It was bad for our Boma (group) because I was on the front line where ability is displayed and it is this ability that counts when choosing the winning side.
ne day I went to see a rather disagreeable film (X) was disgusted when I came across one wound with a very bad smell.
othing subtle, small, insignificant, grey being whose helplessness and neutrality evoked the feeling of disgust in me.
When I, for the first time, failed a junior exam, i.e form 3. I did not like the man.
Once I had to clean a lavatory which was obstructed.  It was in a awfully.
They asked me to throw the rubbish into a dustbin which had some weeks and now she was recovering.
ot applicable was able to break loose.
When I went to report a stolen good at the police station, the me.
During lunch with some classmates, a priest was also there.  He do not like at all. We were not obliged to eat, but I was very hungry.
o loose friends because of them over-estimating themselves company they worked for - using company petrol and food supplies and claiming furniture and crockery.
hen I see someone vomitting terribly, entered the same carriage and started eating fish that was stinking.
I was drinking coffee in a cafe and I found a piece of scrubber seriously preparing for Examinations, so I did not appreciate their coming.
Some friends and I were having lunch.  Someone said something without putting on gum boots.
In the tram there was a fat, sickly looking woman in front of me I did not fall down, but I felt disgusted by the bad smell on my sole.
I came across a woman in town who was very drunk.  She was detrimental relationship with another person.
 TV program on whale-hunting the air, and it bounced on an expensive table and damaged the table .The person did not apologise.
I saw in an ice-cream kiosque a cockroach walking through a the place where the vomit was.
My mother was always fastidious about my room, bed time, etc.  leaving I found 10 people outside throwing up and further 4 unconscious.
hen I failed the  grade 7 exams approach me.
I read a book whose plot and expressions were obscene and in very open their stomaches and taking out their bowels.
My superior at the summer job swindled customers as much as he been responsible.
Once at a camp a classmate criticized me in front of others.  Now patient whose outward appearance was distasteful.
Someone stole a K10 note and the teacher thought that it was me food or clear tables. It was all beneath them.
A drunkard fell, started bleeding and wet himself.  Disgust that peeping during the Nursing Test which made me feel disgusted.
 pig in the well from which we drink him, and caused a great instability.
This was when I saw, for the first time, a naked woman where my hope of getting good treatment was turned down by one of the doctors who said I was alright despite my feeling pain.
The teacher of one course gave me 10 questions with sub-questions shopping centre. the old man coughed and spluttered somewhat, then with his fingers removed the resultant phlegm and mucous from his mouth, and transferred it onto the armrest of the bench.
When one finds out that someone you know is not at all like one cut a man.  I could not look at it, but I could not avoid listening either.  I sought shelter in my boyfriend's arms.
I stormed into the room, hoping to cool myself with some soft with a stranger.
A man sexually aggressed a small girl in the bus but the girl did and never acting positively to do something about her problems.
I was disappointed by a girlfriend when I visited her at her home Paraplegia and had pressure sores. The wounds had offensive smell that only a few people .... the place.
hen my father thought that I was an unrelaible son responding in his favour to a request, that is: he asked me for some money I refused, and his reaction was quite childish.
hen I found a bristle in the liver paste tube treated their sons in an unequal manner.  The most successful of them got continuous encouragement, and the youngest was not encouraged and was rejected.
riends who torture animals biology examn.
When at school I thought that I was going to get the best results stranger.
When I realized that my closest friend had said bad things about his clothes. I thought he was mad.
When my girlfriend told me that she was no longer interested in Perhaps once, when I saw a big spider.
I am disgusted at the number of second year students who are carpet.  It was past mid-night and my room-mate had just moved in, this acquaintance had helped her move in.á
hen I nearly walked on a blindworm and then saw it crawl away in Blantyre which was stinking.
 met my best friend's husband with a prostitute woman who were quarreling, beating each other, shouting and so on. I felt disgusted especially because they treated each other in such a degrading way.
The curriculum of the year !   The English course was very heavy. 3 nights running, and then with his brother the following night, and back again.
When my cousin put feaces in my washing.  A silly idea which was he annoyed me.
When I heard of the assassination of the Indian prime-minister, set in the nose of a woman, and forgotten there.  After great pain it was taken off (close-up picture), the woman was bleeding from the nose and the mouth.
There was a cat on the street.  It had been run over and its head was The literature featured pictures of naked women defecating on one another.
The day I was forced to use a public convenience place in town.  the hate between these persons produced an unpleasant impression on me.
My roommate liked to listen to some meaningless songs which had because of a delict, which is usually committed. I was arrested for 3 days. I still detest this man.
I was at home and I heard a loud sound of spitting outside the on my way home from the college.
When my best friend started getting involved in my private communicating with others (asking for 1/2 Kg of nuts when I only wanted 50 g).
I was disgusted at the university wanting some of us to travel I was disgusted with him for doing so, because I afforded him with no excuse to do so.
hen I discovered that my mother had been involved in adultery water. My friend had urinated in the tin.
 saw a friend's husband with another woman had an Invitation card with me. This was done because they said I was too young to join elderly people.
The time I knocked a deer down - the sight of the animal's up.
A class-mate answered (accidentally) the call of nature in the threaten and blame my mother and me.  He finally drove us away from home.
When I was told that the brother who was staying with me would that she was not there but in the room she was sleeping, in the same room there were some women visitors with children so the room was smelling very badly with some faeces and urine in it so I didn't stay any longer.
This happened when I went to visit my friend in Chelston and guts when he was still alive.
On Christmas day a drunk man came to our house without a shirt upon another girl and was having intercourse, while the girl in the bunk beneath was pretending to be asleep and not be ill.
When some people, including me, are treated in a way which now a female (I don't know it/them personally).
The day I went to eat dinner in the dinning hall and found a economically.
I was in a train when a woman started talking loudly and to drive me home, but was rude, and in a hurry to rejoin his friends. I was embarrassed because the family involved was extremely nice, and hospitable to him.
One day I went to town to get my grocery.  On my way back, I took elder sister, although her behavior was due to senility and lack of understanding.
When my brother promised me money but he failed to fulfill the his English is worse than mine.
When I failed to secure employment after my form 5 in Lusaka despite having sex on the sand dunes in full view of everyone. It was the fact that they chose that area in which to have sex, that disgusted me.
At a gathering I found myself involuntarily sitting next to two during my Secondary School life. He was a habitual noise-maker and caused great conflicts with the teachers.
hen I failed an exam about sexual things, too. But once he told such a vulgar joke, that I was really disgusted. He did not tell me, but some of his friends, but I was present.
When a boy put a handful of cooked potatoes down my dress and themselves.
ver an argument with other boys who were also my friends.
At hostel, my roommate was a very selfish person and would avoid selfish relationships between people (in the book) made me feel disgusted.
When I saw all the very drunk kids (13-14 years old) in town on behaved in keeping with his state.
 bad smelling cucumber to visit my relative who was sick.
When my mother betrayed me by obtaining money from my husband people and the ambulants badly dressed up in a passage badly kept.
hen I saw an insect going up my arm who was performing miracles in front of the camera - I felt disgusted.
hen I witnessed an accident and spits that whash the streets of S.Paulo.
I was at a friend's place for lunch and she fell ill and operation.
hen an alcoholic stood dribbling over a food counter by my father as a punishment for beating my little brother.
hen I learnt that my cousin sister was pregnant only helplessness and indecision.
When I was getting up, I found a live cockroach in my bedroom. and was stinking very much such that the whole ward was affected. Few people could come near him.
When I came to know that my father and his parents were : self it.
A friend told me that a boy wanted to get to know me.  At that dying of cancer.
hen a person I did not know hurt a friend of mine and had a bad smell.
In a park near our home, a group of young people who were he was drunk and was taken by the police and put in a cell. I went to see him the following morning, the place was really a mess and was smelling badly. I didn't like it.
My room-mate was drunk, he vomited on the floor and fell face was of an experiment on a live cat involving strapping it into a machine for possibly days, and doing things to its brain.
t the hypocrisy of some of my friends disgusted me.
When I was taking my girlfriend out, she seemed to have taken rolling drunk. They couldn't have a good time without firstly getting drunk.
I found a cockroach crushed between two folders in my bedroom, I student lodging. I did not see anything in the suburb which had been planned by taking people's comfort into account.
It was when I read a newspaper article on the future and they and the bus Inspector dropped me at a place I didn't know.
When I patronized a certain tavern which had prostitutes, it was money.
 saw a sort of black worm being attacked by many ants was a good friend of the class leader.
In a film there was a scene in which a rat was sliding on a bed, brain in which the cat had metal pieces protruding from its eyes, mouth etc. to keep the head stable while being cut open.
I had a friend who was very kind to me.  I tried my best to like got herself involved with some very undesirable characters and was experimenting with drugs.
I feel disgusted at not having got aa ""A"" in yesterday's I returned to the company, a sergeant ordered me to fetch a load on the tractor trailer.
While watching a movie, someone who was drunk started vomiting without my knowledge, I hadn't put it on for many days and I was short of clothes.
When I failed the grade 7 twice and only passed it the third Valley watched three prostitutes walk up and down waiting for someone to pick them up. Clothing was disgusting.
When a drunkard, in town yelled at me saying that I was a not want to leave, because he wanted to sleep with me. He said that he had fallen in love with me, that he felt alone and so on.
When I was refused a transfer from my school to another, simply how to behave and talk to others, he does not respect elders and lies all the time.
When thieves broke into our house, I was disgusted by their for a date and I kissed her. I discovered that she lived nearby where I passed every day. I got amused thinking that her husband would be ... or me . I didn't talked to her anymore.
Whenever I spoke to a female classmate I felt disgusted.  She her mother hit her sister severely.
When I got  grade ""C"" in M160 at the end of my first year at clean up the dish later.
When one learns through the mass media all the wars and killing and can only get out of it by talking bold decisions.  I have noticed his cowardice and attempts to escape his problems by drinking.  I detest his drinking and his being full of self-pity.
When I learnt that my offer to study at the university had been each other. I was found by Mercy red-haded when I was with Maria.
When someone whom I trusted, disappointed me terribly. accurately showed the cutting of corpses, etc...
I usually come back home early but this day I came home back late peculiar manner.
My friend and I worked for the community centre by holding a booth. the phone) of doing something he didn't do, or know anything about.
When I was denied my favourite dish at the dinning hall (shima I was trying to propose to her.
When I was teaching a student started making silly remarks in that I was his girl he has refused me because I was not faithful to him.
When my roommate and I had dinner together we decided as to who several years. I saw her illness. I did not even want to breath the air that smelled of her presence.
When we were young, a friend of mine tried to dissect a frog while  the girls they'd been with.
When I saw a woman who had been run over by a train, just off He moved out. Before he went he invited me and some friends for a drink. At last he was totally drunk and smelled disgusting. Besides, he told lies about us and behaved as if he was to be pitied.
The transport to pick us up for lunch was always late and the unsiutable to do medicine.
I saw a cripple in rags with small children in Italy.  He was beautiful landscape; I observed this factory with disgust.
When my mother got a terrible beating from my father.  It was so by a friend.
hen opened a box of biscuits and found worms inside it was moving its limbs.
When I saw a film in which there was a scene where women were cut taxi. The driver treated me roughly and dishonestly - he chose the longest route, he overdrawed almost one lev more and he tried to be intimate with me.
 found some worms in the food and I had obviously eaten some affairs as I spend much precious time to pursue my hobby and to be admist the people I love and long to be with.
When I had just moved into my new appartment I found a ventilator disguise according to Malawi culture.
hen my sister's boyfriend accused her of having been sleeping around matter.
Grandfather lives in a home for the elderly. He always looks the same time he was making gestures, speaking and making the hell of a noise.
When a girl I knew aborted and threw the seven month foetus in a discuss the matter she was just telling other people about it and say all she could about me.
During military service I heard the story of someone who tried to speaking. This cannot be described through this questionaire.
During a recent meeting, Mr. A showed his excitement and group.
During my birthday party a friend drank too much alcohol. So much in a city like Bombay.  One day I was travelling by bus, three men dragged two fellows out of the bus.  Once outside they were beaten into pulp.  These two fellows, who got beaten, were pick-pockets and they were being beaten by all and sundry.  I thought to myself -""what is life?"".  It is one hell of a place where
I felt it today when the bus driver shouted rather indecent words everyone is after someone else.  One waits to cut the throat of the other one just for a living, (money).  When I think about such things - the purpose of life, etc, I feel very disgusted and dejected.
When I beat up my brother in order to control him and make him woman, my colleague was talking to her relatives and .... to offer them any support emotionally, physically and then sent them down to the coffee shop to have a dinner rather than offering the facilities available for their use cause it involved her having to do some work. Seeing them again I felt disgusted at her attitude.
ttitude to a related family a woman having sexual intercourse with a dog.
hen I saw a big spider from very close of another by means of utterly unfair methods.
 mother who shouts at her child for nothing money.
I once saw an elderly lady who was not properly dressed.  She was hard drugs. On the party I discovered that the other 3 friends also used them. While we agreed we would help the big user to stop using it.
A student who lives in the same house where I live is an alcoholic. He thought to myself that he could only do this because I was a woman.
The first time that I saw a surgeon cut off a leg and put it in a drunk so that she vomitted all over my house.
A person whom I thought to be honest took and spend the little felt disgusted mainly because of the bad smell of formaline.
Being mistreated by my former primary school teacher, Mr Zalu. words.
Our neighbour came and gossiped, about others, with my parents. me.
I found out accidentaly that while my uncle was away in Canada, my and glass-eye, rattling breath.
hen I learnt that my best friend had failed the exams journey recently from Calcutta to Bombay.  It was very boring and tiring.
.V features showing the violation of defenceless people and souteneur circles; I felt especially disgusted when I read detailed descriptions of physical and mental torture of less powerful people.
When my friend who was drunk insulted me in public for no reason at nationality/colour.
My father is someone I disgust. So when he comes close to me staying over at another girls placce.  One of them started passing very nasty and outright bitchy remarks at me.  It was brought on by a male colleague's compliments to me, this girl was herself interested in this guy.  Bitchiness and catty remarks made by women never fail to disgust me.  I can particularly remember this incident as she knew that I had not encouraged the  guy.
eople who discriminate other people disgust me to graze her foot against mine under the table.
My parents attitude towards each other when they should become please come and see him"".  When I went to the jail and saw him, I
When a person saw that I was accused of something I had not done was disgusted.
When an uncle of mine who is very ill started to cough wich friends.
When I went to the clinic for a medical check-up and saw the way wanted to dry it with a towel. This towel seemed to have been used over a long time already. It smelled indefinably awful.
A teacher was very blunt in his relation to a child so that the people as possible. He said he first listened to what they said and then he tried to only say things they would like to hear. He would never express his own opinion. I felt really disgusted when he told that.
At a certain person's lack of cleanliness, at home and directions.
he behaviour of people spitting everywhere exhibition. He was passing a handkerchief from inside to outside of his mouth.
I saw a terrible accident in which the driver of a motor was are unclean and dirty environment, illiteracy, poverty and neglect of human resources, disgust at the lack of perception on the part of us ( educated few) for the lack of drive and drive towards their redemption. ]
 witnessed a scene in which two women were abusing each other for an examination, I really felt disgusted.
A friend had a quarrel with the mother of her boyfriend because the Mortuary. There were many dead bodies and some were uncovered so we had to put on top of the other bodies.
I heard a broadcasting programme about parapsychology. The people smell of it.
Every time I meet a certain person. We cannot get on well responsible.
hen I was studying and someone disturbed me crimes generally) a couple of years ago.
When my parents behave very ""witty"" towards me, they make insipid short.
When my elder brother failed form five in 1968 when I was 5 years horrible appearence. I felt the sensation above. The worst was that I was practically obliged to eat.
A story I heard recently about a baby dying after sexual it. I saw the eyes staring at me and the tongues hanging out of the bills. I was so disgusted that I felt nausea and had to leave the room.
hen the summer holiday job was almost over rikshaw drivers in our town.
When I was about to clean the draining board and saw it looked was telling people that I was his girlfriend.
There is a person whom I disgust. Evrey time I see her I get this immobile. I felt disgust for the people who passed by without doing anything to help.
hen my father shouted at me for going to a party with my sister since my childhood I have never liked this habit.  This person is near me in class, dining hall and the campus so I suggested that he should stop biting his nails.  However he found it difficult and my disgust feelings have not changed.
The stories about my aunt who was beaten and humiliated by my deep perturbation.
hen my parents insisted that I take up a teaching career Carpenter.  The monster in the film made me feel disgusted.
When I failed the entrance exam of the medical school and was something I just can not tolerate.
At the police centre a man between 40-50 was brought in.  He was driver wouldn't stop - disgusted with her behaviour.
I felt disgusted when we (family) avoided a problem which could the treatment or the diet control.
irst anatomy lesson were having a long lunch.
When I take a look into a slaughter-house and when listening to and unjustly.
A friend and a girlfriend went to Rome for 10 days with their cringe, feel disgust.
ead rat in the kitchen of the university offices.  I accquired my passport three months after having applied for it and I had to go back five times to them to correct a minor error.
When I was travelling to school by bus, I went past a place to live with her husband. One evening he came drunk and made an awful scene, which I still remember.
On school, during a fancy fair, there was a stand of amnesty it.
Disgust is a feeling that I have never experienced with peoplie without knowing the person well.]
eople talking in an important lecture friend to some members of my family, and my niece Yavanna who's six was home from school and at Mum's and Dad's and was really silly and at first it was ok, but it went on and on - yukky pooh! You eat your snot, etc. and I felt cross she wouldn't stop. But she had an audience and was in one of those moods. Once I'd accepted it was something everyone does at time I felt better - it was partly having my friend there.
When I saw a documentary film about World War II (about Hitler ""student-like"" way.
Each time I am confronted with reports about repression and alcohol started talking, trying to hug and pat a woman sitting next to him.  Fortunately it was not me.
I wanted to take something from under my bed. While doing this I feeling. Maybe it was when I saw a drunkard in the street.
hen junior doctors returned to work after bunking them Whenever they want something or need help they come to see us,  otherwise they do not even bother about people who live next to them.
I lived together with my boyfriend. One night he stayed away and advance her studies faster than others.  I detested her.
When I was a teacher in an evening school, a girl raised a lot of or a snake. But I mean it in a social aspect when somebody had behaved like a scoundrel to you, when by his actions he has made you change your attitude towards him but I thing this feeling the way I meant it, is not typical for the people interrelations.
When working in a chemical laundry, I saw rats and maggots in the relatives of mine; they turned around and accused me of being inconsiderate in my relationship with them.
When a classmate of ours knocked on our door at 2 o'clock in the group which believes in Goddess Kali.  As it was a festival day they had to offer a hen to the Goddess so they cut the head off a hen right in front of my eyes.  I felt disgusted and evenb gave up eating meat after this incident.
Being on view in a meat-factory. Pigs being cut open, pigs being expensive place in town drunk as a skunk. Whats more she drove home and couldn't remember doing so. I was disgusted by her state and her actions.
When I watched TV and saw a performance of ""Prince"" (a popidol). entertaining ""conservative"" relations who wanted to see the first
I had some sort of a stomach virus last week and  I vomited in episode.
eeing a person panhandling money on Telegraph me.
I broke an egg, with which there was something wrong, into a was really mean.  I detested this.
I read a book about torture. The book described exactly how the studennts.
When a close friend of mine maintained a relationship with me men thrashed a man in a wheel chair - I watched the scene from another carriage.
When a girl in my class (on the secondary school) appeased the (and not only there) only because they are protegTs or lovers of an important felow while at the same time some young and able singers work in a quite different field of life.
pit and vomit anyone.
It is very difficult to relate it to a certain event. I am send back the people who came to visit us when it was not the visiting hours.  This disgusted me.
I felt very disgusted at a friend to whom I had given a Psychology problems I had always shown deep understanding.
When I read about or think about environmental pollution, the with high ranking officials.
Bisshop Ter Schure intoduced himself on TV to the Dutch Nation. morning after having knocked at my door, he suddenly rushed in and finching me still in bed he began quarrelling about something. I could not understand. I heard his last words: ""Don't
A study visit to a chicken factory : the butchery, the smell, stare at me so because I'll beat you in your bed"" I got up
When I was giving private tutorials to my student; he would not terrified and a thrashing followed.
When my cat vomited and a worm came out which was still alive.  I I wanted to buy a new pair of shoes when I was at secondary school, but he didn't.
A fellow student who seemed very nice later on proved to be a place was, in the absence of his wife.
When I saw a drunk man urinate upon himsellf and he seemed to be democratic.
oisy people in the library man, who was dead to the world and who wallowed on the pavement. This ""sight"" I watched from the bus.
hen programmes on violence or pornography are shown on T.V communicated my unwillingness.  Later on, I felt disgust at that person as well as myself because I had partly submitted.
eeing someone who has bleeding nose at the Danube in the middle of a lowland forest (Hainburg) and the government decided to delay it for another year. When my father heard about it, he said that we needed another Hitler.
In a disco, there was a dirty little chap who punched my bottom. there was a rotten human skull.
ome students trying to please the lecturer dealers.
A film were a woman was attacked and raped.  One did not see the authorities agreed to have the place cleaned.  Even after 2-3 days nothing had been done.  I felt disgusted at the whole situation.
Salo, a movie film by Pasolini. People were misused and tortured people because of their social status, beliefs, color and outlook on life (perspective).
At the crowded conditions of living.  I always quarrel with my abortion. I was filled with disgust against my father.
aw a dead rat on the street with his penis in the middle of the town.
ueing for bath for a long time hurt his head.  The other one used this to spank the head of the boy on the ground.
At work when I did not get the full co-operation of my colleagues had worked throughout the year, I had this feeling.
omeone vomited on the street out to be gay, but we found that out only after 2 or 3 days.
n seeing a scene of an accident in a magazine own flat.
 No response. lying.
A friend of mine remembered me when she needed me and did not practically attacked the children who got in his way when he was swimming.
When a very dirty class-mate farted in my  presence.  There was a during the agitation.
hen I saw a scene on T.V where a castration was shown lectures (English lectures).
 No response. heckle the authorities - not to achieve something concrete, but to further their own interest.
Once while studying for my exam I found so many complicated words ""Hainburg"". I felt disgusted when I heard members of the union
[ I feel disgust at people lying.  It means that they say one speak about the situation.
henever I see an alcoholic with my boyfriend and this person appeared but he has nothing to do with me.
hen I am dirty because I have not had a shower for a few days they really are.
[ I would classify subjectively, a certain gesture or the way of near the staircase I take to go to the bathroom.
I had a class-mate who was rather stupid.  I did not like him woman, beating her up.
After joining my M.A in Social Sciences, I appeared for the first time ago.
hen I see rotten meat language but was a very smart looking lady.
f a guy one is not interested in makes advances difficulties.
hen I saw someone eating live worms who was ahead of me spat out a mouthful of betel juice on the road.  It was very windy and had I not checked my speed I would have had a very good shower of his saliva.  Though I was not angry, I felt that these people were very indecent.
hen I saw a lot of rubbish and animal waste on the floor some work which was unavoidable.
My notes were not returned to me, it kept on being insulting her. Then he turned violent and started to beat her in front of her child. She left it happen without saying a word in order not to make things worse. I watched the scene and tried to calm the man, but without success. Just because he was stronger we had to comply. From that day I detested him.
A few days after I had finished the relationship with my big problems at that time). Once he woke me up in the middle of the night and shouted at me.
When I was working as a nurse in a mental hospital, a patient ate desk and put it on.
 had to change a baby's clothes for the first time masturbation of a man in the hold of a ship apart form fact that the film wasn't pleasant I had a leg of coconut candies in my hands.
I used to play with a group of classmates and I found out later and vomited too much.
 Normally I do not feel disgusted. that there was no sugar whilst it was there, so I left the cafe disgusted without taking the tea.
hen I saw a very disagreable scene (my employer) could help me. He simply said that he couldn't help me.
When I was studying in the library a pair of lovers were sitting terrible violations of human rights. I was disgusted with the white population.
I was disgusted at the way the bus conductor threw out an old substance swimming on the surface of a pot of vinegar made of cider and threatened to throw it at me.
hen I see dead dogs on the road effort to organize an evening together, and didn't work out, they put the blame on me. After this, I feel disgust towards those that blame me.
he same as in SHAME strongly ran into me.
ictures of Nazi extermination camps on a T.V program in it.
og dirt which thaws in the spring by a boy who molested me, passing his hands on my body.
Some people whom I do not like at all, and one of the reasons is his mouth while speaking.
A girlfriend of mine behaves in a very childish way - she does me, with his trousers open and holding his penis.
When I saw a film where a black was rapeing a girl while another one was completely indifference to the misery reigning in our country.
My mother was very angry with my little sister and told her to we were waiting for a bus these girls started smoking and commanded me to smoke; I felt very disgusted.
 Can not think of any situation. World War II, I felt disgust towards those who did it.
I saw someone that I thought I knew repeatedly drunk. I do not which was filled with blood of pigs.
 young man was insulting and humiliating a drunken man am good looking.
hen I see people who have no sentiments another boy who performed less well. He told him on purpose the wrong things so that he had to repeat a year.
I was listening to a priest in church saying how sinful man was, but the children were in conditions of physical and emotional penury.
When I was a child, one day while playing, I fell up to my waist faeces around the house since they smelled bad I did the job but in the end I felt disgusted.
 Can not remember. limbs were separated from their body like a head on one side and the leg on the other.
When I committed a sin mentioned in ANGER. A sin of sexual power of money.
hen I got to know the details if the famine in East Africa tobacco.
I felt disgusted at my teams poor perfomance prior to league that she sometimes had crying fits. Eventually her husband could not stand that any more and wanted to kill me.
When a ""friend"" woke me up in the middle of a blessful sleep by in opposite direction it missed us by approx 1 m and collided (after rolling twice midair) into nearby scrub.
When I see that some people remain cold and egoistic with regard I put too much fuel into the stove. It began to glow and there was a noise in the whole house as if it was going to explode.
eeing a pornographic movie in which animals were used and take me to his kingdom.  He was very repulsive and I have never seen anything like that before.
When my room-mate made a mess of the room after having drunk the of the night in Italy.
 saw a dog who was eating excrements my way and spent several hours looking for the camp.
When I read a newspaper article on a young girl who had been accomplish anything as the subject was rather difficult.
I read a story in the newspaper about butchers treating their night.
I went to spend a night with a relative of mine and there I rushed brutally at the demonstrators, without any warning.
hen I ate a rotten apple especially one day before the examination when I had the feeling that I had not studied enough and had not enough time to make up for it.
In a study group, a person always liked to argue on some He thus did not say it point blank, silence followed.
I was hitch-hiking when a man stopped and gave me a lift to which (overtook me too closely) did not give me any swerving space.
A girl who also hires a room in the house where I live always darkness when going home.
My classmate got a ""B"" for his homework while I only got a ""C"".  started zig-zagging and so did we. Car in front did a 180¦ turn we followed and ended up in a gully.
I feel disgust when hearing or seeing other people being treated late, in the meantime one starts thinking about all that could have gone wrong e.g a traffic accident.
When I heard that a woman of my community had aborted and got rid next day they promised to take revenge on me.
I felt disgust after watching a picture on television about took it to the deputy head-master.  I was called by the head-master and he threatened to suspend me.
When a member of the family complains about the food that is eight floor.
I heard part of a conversation in which one talked very low about eyesight was at stake.
After the accident which I described in SHAME. I came to myself reasons: because it was for the first time, because the medical check-up might be painful, because of the uncertainty and because someone had informed me about it.
When I was accused of having impregnated someone's daughter, it my heart out of my body and I was forced to go out before the second reel ended.
It was a narrow and dirty passage which was located near the with bushas on each side.  Half way down this road, suddenly, we   saw a white dog appear from one side.  Before we could do anything, it had vanished and moreover it did not seem to have any legs.
I was looking at a one-man show on television. He told very a meadow by a dark road.  There were bushes on the other side of the road.  The weather was damp and a bit foggy.  I heard steps behind me and kept speeding up my steps all the time.
When I slept with a guy because my best friend wanted me to.  home a big dog was laying in front of our door. I was so frightened that I did not dare to enter the door and I waited until somebody passed by.
When a student accused me of having stolen his textbook  as he treated for it.  I feared that my own father could have been there.
One evening when a boy who was drunk made a pass at me by trying swerve and we almost got run over.
I cannot remember exactly such a situation. But I know that was caught in a storm and it began to shake and I thouhght that we were going to crash.
A tiresome person held me up all day long.  I was very busy then friend was sick, and the car skidded of the gravel.
hen I saw a dog which had been knocked down by a car midnight.  I had no place to go to and there were strange reports at the police station.
hen one of my friends started misbehaving when  a train was coming.
I read a newspaper report that a little boy was forced to look my father wanted to speak to the teachers. Fortunately I could influence my parents to take it easy.
When I made love with someone who I didn't really love. Sometimes I should not have made.
I was disgusted to discover that my girlfriend of few weeks was forest.  I could not fall off to sleep and could clearly hear noises from outside (steps ?) approaching our tent.
When people are eating unsavoury (smacking, belching, speaking scared and fled to the bathroom.
hen I failed my first biochemistry test door.  I thought that I was going to fall out.
Someone told me a story of Amnesty International: a boy was furlough and threatened another fellow with a knife.
I was shopping in Utrecht with friends, we also ate some chips outdoors a four-year old boy disappeared from the yard.  I was not looking after them then, but as the manager it was me who was responsible.
A  group of youngsters dressed in fads talked foul language on a be freed only with big difficulties.
One night I saw a man being knocked down by two other men. The leaving a trace. Usually he tells me when he wants to do something like that, therefore I was afraid that something had happened to him.
I was eating in the dinning hall and some women joined me.  I father and brother.   While my father was talking to some friends, I saw a dog and began to pat it.  My father told me sharply to stop doing it because the dog had mange.  Then my brother told me that I would die and I could not stop crying after this.
A scene in a film in which one man repressed another one. By behind me and asked me if I was not afraid to be out alone so late at night.
I was forced to stay in the canteen and eat the food that I had madman.
hen I had to finish those big amounts of homework in time walk.  It was getting darker and darker and we were not sure of the right way back.
I went to the shopping centre to buy something and saw packets of caught sight of a 5 cm diameter spider crawling onto the pillow beside me.
When once again I drank too much and felt very rotten the morning a panic as I thought that I would not do well enough to be considered for the economics quota.  I cried a lot but that did not help and as the exam day came near a strange fear gripped me.
In a warm bus full of people, someone vomited and the whole bus was at home.
hen I was on holiday someone vomited in front of me particular.  I just felt oppressing fear, it was dark and all the others were sleeping.
 When mix was coming from column for several days. ticket.
I felt disgusted one day when, as we were eating, a child had to go the outside toilet on my own.
When I found out how the people of Ethiopia were starving and on the road but later I found out that it was only a stick.
When I opted for my research field, for them the percentage of foolishly and playing dangerously.
When I attended school, our class visited an institution for darkness.
ome students talking when other people are having a nap late.  We began to hear foot steps all around us, and we could not find our way out.
Viewing the results of senseless vandalism to a local primary boat would overturn and he would drown or that the gun would accidentally go off.
As a child, when I saw an ""unesthetic"" sight. Stora Hissingen road at the wrong exit.
We were at a hamburger bar and a man at a table nearby started gathering cherries. Her back was hurt. Just when I arrived, I saw people of the life-saving service giving her medical care.
Returning home in the late afternoon I saw an indecent act made approached me.
When I discovered my mother had been having an affair with my the roar of a lion near by and had to run for our lives.
I felt disgusted when my appointment to meet the E.N.T. called ""The startwar"".
My mother called me because she had read through the enveloppe a letter at night.
I have an adopted Aboriginal sister I felt disgust due to the blood.
aw an arrogant girl walking pass by for her.  Someone had gone to notify the police.  Something had certainly happened to her.
I was sitting in a station-hall and watching a lavatory for me and the people close to me.
[ Honestly, I have never felt disgust at any situation in my girl-friend had fallen in love with another man, I was afraid to lose her.
At a party I met a girl who drew me to her, told me some nonsense chasing my friends and me.  We were very frightened till we climbed up a tree.
I was disgusted at myself when I dropped a vital catch, while country and it took me hours to meet my friends again.
A dirty person, smelling bad and unknown laying on me. copying.
While watching the movie called ""Deer hunter"" on TV, when it floor, I was often afraid of burglers.
When I red a report in the magazine VESA about an Iranian telling tell me about it.  I was very young and all alone at home.
I went out with my sister, her boyfriend and his friend. I did car when there was a lot of traffic behind me.
ear people talking at my back which lives in my street.
 felt disgust of dirty movement it would have bitten me.
I went to a party with my boyfriend who got so drunk and started strange noises which put my imagination to work.
 saturday night a bus full of drunken people that a stranger was in my house.
On Reperbahn, in a restaurant, a ""charming"" old saleswoman came with my mother in a car.  For the first time I had to take the school bus, and I mistook the bus stop and found myself two kilometres away from where I lived.  I was very scared, wondering how I would get back home.
I received a letter which was too strong for me. It said I had standing beside me. It was hardly moving, but I did not know how it would react later on.
A teacher giving a test was called by a student by his first jump out of a window and cross a beam 10 metres high.
I went to a restaurant with my boyfriend for dinner. There we saw people approached.
ueing for a bus and the drivers having long dinner by three people who tried to steal my money.  I was scared and was saved only by the appearance of other people.
On a trip abroad, a lady-like member of our group turned out to for her everywhere and could not find her.  (I finally found her, she had gone to bed to sleep)
 No response. four).
At the butcher's I saw an animal which had just been slaughtered; in the steet.  A dog began to bark, I felt that it was following me.  Then I began to run, the other dogs started barking too.  At last I arrived home.
hen I was molested by an old drunk man to the roof of a small shed and there seemed to be no hope of getting away from there.
hen I happen to witness some sadistic acts just returned from overseas. I was feeling tired, looking a mess, and nervous.
isgust with a subordinate serious illness, even death.
A railways officer, when asked by the ticket checker to produce difficult subject this year.
I was disgusted with my brother's behaviour when he kept throwing from the flying bullets.  This incident occured on our way to Feira, during the Zambia army patrols in the Rhodesia war.
 was on a walk with my child when I met a drunk woman had to sing too, but the organist did not tell me in time. As I did not know the psalm, I was afraid and said that I could not sing.
A friend of mine was telling jokes which I felt to be very stand in front of my still unknown fellow students and talk about myself.  My hands shook, I flushed and became tongue-tied.
Saw someone who picked up a cigarette from the floor and smoked well prepared.
One of my flatmates and I came back to the flat Monday morning, delinquents, which added to my fear of being shut up.  I was afraid of the people near me and the future consequences.
When Kanishka was blown up, I really felt disgusted at people behaviour into myself, what I refused. I was afraid when I saw him.
 When some people act very important in any situation. sensation that there was someone in my room.
 rich man expressing disgust towards an alcoholic whole it was a distance of several kilometers. A car followed me through the streets. Only when I went into a one-way street the car disappeared. The rest of my way home I was very afraid.
When I was watching some scenes from the Bertoluchi's film house and came back very late.
Several years ago I stayed with friends in the mountains for one cows.
I felt disgusted when my cousin decided that she would stop frightening but when I had to wait in the emergency ward for three hours and then my leg began to swell, I was frightened.
 Do not remember any incident. guns.
aw someone messing up our room there were storiees of paranormal experiences.  My leg was itching and I stretched my hand to scratch and I felt another strange hand. (later I realized that it was the corner of the blanket)
When I watched a film about the problems of abandoned children together.  One day, during breakfast I told him my idea.  I was afraid of his not accepting it and that the idea would end up as a failure.
 very drunk person were coming back from a discotheque at night and we heard a noise from an alley.  We were very scared and we got into my friend's house.  A moment later, an unknown car picked up a person from this alley.
aw someone licking his dining bowl drill, I was terribly aftaid of the pain I would feel any moment.
omeone I know and respect sexually assulted a girl Devil Servant. I asked my mother if he really existed and she said yes. The following nights I could not sleep and a light had to be left turned on.
hen my fellow classmates were involved in a quarrel comes towards me.
I was sitting at a rock concert, listening to an extremely loud dogs who began barking at me.  I did not know whether they were tied up or loose, but I was afraid of them approaching me.
I was disgusted when our cricket team manager dropped me from the not a complicated operation, but just before it started I was very afraid so that I will never forget it.
When a friend didn't invite her own parents to her Graduation interested.  On arriving there I saw a long queue (which I had not expected) and went back home without seeing the film.
I studied medicine for several semesters. I was always disgusted fall on the way when the driver controlled it.  It had almost fallen.
In the army, an acquaintance of mine tended to use his position one Wednesday night.
When I saw hundreds of snakes twisting over one another in a time. When I saw the film I was alone and afterwards I hardly dared to go to bed and hardly was able to sleep.
Being in a Malaysian city with my girlfriend coming out of a his Devil Servant came to see me. St. Claus' Devil Servant rattled with his chain and bowled terribly. I was so frightened that my parents had to ask him to leave.
A man whom I like, was drunk and tried to molest me. a lovely holiday trip.  The night and the sea were dark, and the wind was blowing.  I feared that death was there on the boat, I somehow felt sure about it.  I feared being left alone.
aw my father with that woman he is married to now a few hours later, and one of the tyres burst in the middle of the town and I did not know what to do.
On my way to a concert I went with a man who tried to molest me. it was split into several segments by something I could not see.  I suspected that it was witch-craft.
When one of my parents verbally, personally abused the other. injured it badly.
In my village there was this tax collector who used to cheat I would not do well.
There was a family fight in my house some time back.  My uncle situation.]
Someone smoking on Electric train (Electric trains are from the bus stop alone. It was dark, I had to go through a forest and there was a dark figure behind me. I was very frightened.
When I watched a report about El Salvador on TV, I saw people who and was shot at.
When I lost the notes of the lecturer I had borrowed from my practice.  For some time he could not remember what had happened but he recovered later.
y roommate boasting about her English lectures was seized by a car and thrown aside. I had seen the car coming in our direction but I did not have enough time to react and prevent the accident.
omeone I do not like kept talking to me there was a storm and my friend was blown overboard;  I was very scared till I managed to get him back onboard.
ueing in the students dining hall a wood.
I felt this situation when a certain woman from a close village beer. I was terribly frightened at the idea of a man sitting in the cellar and assaulting me. For my defence I took an empty bottle with me.
No very strong such emotion. Treatment of my sister by her complete silence.
I felt disgust toward meat when I felt sick with the steak after fast. Behind me, there were some drunk men who shouted at me. By chance, I met some friends who accompanied me.
I feel disgust towards those who are responsible for the death of deep down, and it took her a long time to recover.
hen I felt the smell of industries that pollute and started barking angrily.  They were jumping and it seemed that they would come for me any time.
There is a girl at my work that doesn't take care much of her molesting my girlfriend and me.
altreatment of children the film came back too my mind and the characters frighteneed my imagination.
I was sitting in school, waiting for my sister to go home. Suddenly a told each other horror stories and suddenly we heard uncanny noises. I was terribly frightened.
While walking on the street with a good friend of mine, we met an was very ill and that they needed me there the same day.
On boat trip - saw mother giving young child (aprox 6-7 years) during my holidays in Monze.á
The first day I visited the hospital I was disgusted because I stopped at some distance and looked at me. I tried to ignore it but I was very frightened.
One day I was walking with my boyfriend. We met my ex-boyfriend sitting beside me started to stroke my leg for a while, he left in the middle of the film.
After a serie of facts that occurred between a colleague and me I the house there was a big dog which began to follow us. As my girlfriend is afraid of dogs, I had to draw his attention to me. He jumped towards my shoulders and wanted to play with me but I really did not like that.
This happened when I could not get into the school I had would have been expelled from school had I been caught.
I had experienced odd moments one time when a patient came into want to be left behind, so I braced myself and followed them.
One day my friend told me that she had heard that I was moving my uncle.  I remember that I took a big stone and it calmed me.
he sadistinc exacution of a student in the USA and found that a close school friend had been killed.
My elder sister forced me to do a few things which I did not like saw figures with terrible faces and black frocks bending over me and touching me. I opened my eyes but I could still see them. I had the feeling that somebody was in the room. It was terrible. Only when I turned on the light I was able to go to sleep.
hen I saw a spider dark.
At a discussion a friend took a ""faschistic view"", what I had not when it entered my room at night.
When my oldest sister discovered that her boyfriend had another growling and barking, and trying to bite my foot.
I felt disgusted when I was in a helpless position at the loss of examinations we did not know what would follow.
Four weeks ago I felt very much touched to find an asciatic there was a burglar in our house; I hid under the blanket and trembled.
eeing a pornographic film when looking for a place to live give my report card to my father.  I left it on the table and went to bed very early in order to avoid him seeing me.
eople spitting in railway stations and was afraid of losing my way in the cave.
Some time ago a girl tried to make me up without any action of my balcony with his legs hanging out.  He was holding on tightly to the upper railing of the balcony but he could have easily lost his balance when he sat down.
After the first of May, I detested my fiance's friends, who had incorrectly. Our teacher threatened us with exclusion from school.
Finding out that some students are getting good reports they do roughnecks would appear suddenly with knives and things like that.
[ There have been very few instances of disgust, as far as I can Coping.
In a certain occasion I saw a dog in the street eating something inhuman for about 5-10 seconds, this really frightened me.
When a boy had continued to use foul language and swearing in not realize that he was drunk until we were in the car. He was madly racing. Several times we were in dangerous situations and I told him to be cautious, but he did not care.
I was travelling, we were 15 person, one of them I met at the and stole all my money.
I saw a film where snakes were crawling everywhere. I felt them night.  Suddenly something moved sharply in front of me and I was not able to see what it was.
isgust of drunkers and of blood that I had tuberculosis.
When I heard about the advances an acquaintance of mine had made and I did not know who they were.
When I went in a clinical hospital and saw in what conditions suddenly a another car crossed the road in front of us.  My friend had to turn the car rapidly.
omeone had stolen an article from a library journal acquaplanned.  I lost contact with the road surface for a few seconds.
When I saw a woman subjugated by money and not being able to hide the springboard. I usually refused to do that, but at least I was forced to.
Finding out that old and useless practitioners of retirement age After having taken the university entrance exam I suffered from anxiety for weeks as I did not want to carry on with my work - studies were the only alternative.
When my friends and I were camping in a weekend, and with little I was on did not enable me to get high enough.  This implied that the ladder was not very stable.
vereating a traditional type of food - blood pudding any broadcast,  "" What ! Have I broken the knob ? How much does
y brother caught a spider and let his frog eat it it cost ? What if the spare part is not available ? ""  --I did
When some friends and I get acquainted a guy during vacations I not know how to tune a radio.
When a ""friend"" dropped a frog down my neck, and I didn't know standing behind me lost his balance, fell down and drew me with him. I slided down the whole slope. At about 1 m distance from a tree I could stop.
aw a real party leader think I could hear noises and see shadows moving. I felt that someone was in the house.
 felt disgust of my father when I knew he had a lover bus.  When the bus stopped I had to go back to the same place, afraid that the police would see me.
I have a horror of spiders and snakes. On a walk through the wood watching a film on TV. My father came home drunk and told us to turn off. When we did not do that he switched off the fuse and started shouting. We were sitting in the dark and I was afraid that he would do us a harm.
I had a discussion with my wife about an over-weight acquaintance of because my car had broken down.
I had this feeling when I met a girl, not that she was dirty but know how long he would live.
Saw my class leader acting like a God when he chose people to go trembled when somebody knocked on my door or when I heard steps coming nearer.
When I was a child I broke plates because I wasn't given food on he looked at me, I felt frightened.
A nightmare.  I was dreaming about bloodsuckers, which I tried to without any light and with many other problems.  I was afraid for my life.
henever I see a spider or a snake I feel disgusted road.
When I knew that a person who I didn't like, had about me other developed a great fear of examinations. I was most afraid of my examination of anatomy. While other students were examined, I was dissecting. I was able to hear everything and was waiting with fear until it was my turn.
I assisted to a scene where the police attacked a person that Suddenly some soil fell on us, then some water. Although we tried hard, we could not find out the cause.
In contact with a poor family of northeast it was offered to me a -rooms.  I was very frightened as I realized that I faced death.
y roommate's lack of consideration of me Something started rustling in the bush : it was an exhibitionist.
The time when I cleaned the house and everything was tidy, have been compelled to have an abortion, which I would not have liked at all.  Fortunately, after a week's anxiety, I got to know that I was not pregnant.
ad temper of the serving lady in the students' dining hall that it was a person with a cigarette - but it was only the red switch.
I felt disgusted when somebody told me that my previous boyfriend yet able to tell anybody about it, so I was very frightened. I could not explain myself all that and I had to deal with it by myself.
oes not apply names of freshmen, out of which five were to be in my group.  We read the names and then each group went its own way to a seminar room.  I wondered how I would cope with the new situation and if I would succeed as a group leader.
omeone not responding to my criticism pushed me in to a house, hit me in the stomach and the face, then they left - leaving me bleeding.
A situation where I ignored my beliefs and principles for a trip there was a door bell).  I looked through the peep hole but it had been covered.  I called my sister but she could not help me as she was hundreds of kilometres away.
oing this pointless questionnaire home.  I felt fear when I was alone with him and he almost choked on mucus secretions.
The acts of brutal violence in generally disgusts me. Fights, but I was too frightened to go and see.
In a sexual experience with an unknown woman where after the caterpillar beside my fingers. I feel disgusted by caterpillars and snakes. I was terribly afraid of the caterpillar crawling on my fingers. Out of the fear I was almost unable to climb down.
hen a girl that I liked didn't accept my curting was driving had overturned on the Avenue.  I had been driving too fast, and I was afraid when I was stopped, questionned and then toild to go.  The situation ended happily since there were no consequences.
A teacher gave me lower grades than I was entitled to, and was incident and images of horror kept coming back to my mind.  I wondered what could have happened to my sister, my friend and me, though nothing very serious actually happened.
When mum had beaten my young sister just because she had received rather afraid because I was alone.
I saw a septic, smelling wound. enough.
One time at the hospital I passed near the intensive care room. in the forest.  I imagine someone attacking me and I hurry up.
omeone ruining someone's property just for the fun of it operated the next day.  I was afraid that they would not let me in and I did not know what his reaction would be on seeing me.
When a friend of mine got drunk and started to blame and scorn my then I heard unexplainable noises.
hen I became aware that an acquaintance had stolen from friends that class.
I was disgusted when I was told to dress a big rotten stinky jetty and I poked the ice with a long branch to try and break it.  The branch went through the ice and I fell in, the water closed in over my head.
inding out that my best friend was deceiving me I noticed that a drunk young man was appraching me in a purposeful mannner.
ome boys not cueing in the dining hall and I was alone in my car. I felt totally insecure, nervous and overstrained.
A female friend was violently ill on the return journey from a Spain and we had to look for an accomodation. By chance we met a man who offered to take us to a camping site. While I was sitting in his car I was terribly afraid because I had heard of people being robbed in Marocco.
Viewing the nuclear war film ""Threads"". when she said to me that she didn't love me.
I was dancing Malipenga (traditional dance). I exaggerated the although I did not know his family.
My first day to work in hospital, when I was dressing wounds I back up (reverse) pass a river which when I recall it (I was only about 5 yrs) seemed we were going to fall in and drown.
 lecturer in great detail spoke about his sexual experiences social one night, which one of my relative was involved. My fear was greatly for him because he was being assaulted badly.
When an unpleasant person tried to make friends with me.  A mother appeared and asked me to go home, because she didn't know about the event.
hen my father revealed inconsistent morals Mum and Dad to another family. I was fostered from age 5 and didn't get to Mum and Dad until I was 6 and then legally adopted at 14.
The male friend of my mother (a widow) moved in to live with us.  came across a ledge with a nearly sheer drop on either side, which I had to cross.
I saw a drunk man tottering behind his wife and insulting her opened his handbag and took out a gun, another who fought too looked among his things for a weapon to fight.
It was when my father beat my mother while she was ill for three sister studied with me at the University and gave me a lift every moning. She was going to get married to a guy whom I knew too and who had died when he fell from a building, I was afraid to lose somebody since I had already lost a brother in an accident.
A drunk man bumped into me and wanted to grip me. Fortunately I the snow-covered motorway I would have liked to get out.
aw people quarreling in a bus if I don't know where my parents are and when they'll be back I start thinking that perhaps they have had an accident and are perhaps dead.
An acquaintance of mine revealed himself in a light unexpected to turned on her and kicked her over the heart, sent her flying through the air. I left my mother and sister to deal to her as they are nurses. I felt I didn't want to know if she was going to die, it was just too much.
When I was in the army, we got a certain dish for dinner that I assaulted.
When I found out some family friends were embezzelling the expected it to be very active with people, gangs, fast cars etc, thought it was actually quite quiet, though also oppressive. I walked about half a mile and bought a drink along the way.
I was travelling in a local train when a drunkard, smelling another unit. The reason was girls.
I felt disgust when I received visitors at an odd hour. I was of someone standing beside me and was very frightened. I had to turn on the light turn on the light for several minutes before I was able to get to sleep again.
I felt disgust when I saw a friend walking in stagnant water friend's father - he stopped when he was driving me home. I hadn't wanted the lift, had refused 3 times, and then felt it'd be rude to refuse again. Was really afraid of what he might do.
When I was walking on the street, I slipped on the dung of a dog. loneliness.
Discovering a good friend had lied to me, resulting in a parents.
irls dressed like foreigners in the university road. Broke an arm, only.
We had friends to dinner and one of them threw a beer bottle in feel that untidy dirty dog against my naked skin.
I was disgusted to see a person vomitting and I was told to clean with certain colleagues who by exces of self-confidence drive beyond limits or measure in the traffic and the main victim is always the person who sits behind the driver.
 friend of mine came to see me when he was quite drunk a ditch with one side against a rock.
When after a party celebrating a friend's 21st birthday - upon alone in this unfamiliar country.
When an untidy and heavyly drunk person made endeavours to meeting.
I read about a murderer who brutalized his victims by cutting appeared on my side and an other with a gun on his side the hold-up lasted a few minutes but it was terrible. I had never seen a gun so close.
A sister broke a cup and when mother asked I was reported to have while overtaking.
When I worked at the life-saving service I was disgusted by a a chair on my brother.
At a social event when none of the guests would help to serve are ano lights and I am walking down a thoroughfare with the thouth of no one hearing me if I have to scream.
In May somebody blamed me that I made him to be caught while realized the danger, we were very high up, but still had a long climb ahead.
When I heard about the way a parent of a friend had mistreated realized that they probably were still there.
I felt disgusted when I went to one of the Central hospitals (mustering) getting in cattle and a bull turned and came for me.
A colleague and I were sitting on a bench next to an old man in a During 5 days I had to pass 10 hours a day waiting for the answer, which at last was the worst. The fear of being convoked, of hearing the fated phrase, was constant.
atching a violent movie intensely - once in the examiners room ""I blew it"" -  I was so
In a film, there was an episode where they used a chain saw to nervous I couldn't reply easily - It was very important, but I got only blankness.
Disgust with oneself after being intoxicated enough to go to bed wooden sheets in the roof the establishment had already been assaulted and could be assaulted again.
hen I vomitted a lump of blood small Lazer).
Disgust at a girl I know for continually feeling sorry for herself was going over the cliff I was hit by fear - I couldn't go on absailing down the cliff and had to be actually hauled back up it.
In ward 2A there was a patient suffering from Syphilitic nuclear holocaust appears to come closer every day.
A friend once reacted childishly (he is 23 yearrs old) to my not felt intense fear at the time she was actually wheeled away.
When an acquaintance of mine told me about the way his parents I didn't make the test.
Foreign students playing loud music in the night before the boat. I cut the line and threw the whole lot back into the water. Later that day and about ten miles away I went swimming and someone made the comment wondering how far eels could swim, I abruptly ended swimming for fear at an unseen eel for a few days until we had left the district.
Accidentally seeing a friend in a compromising situation with a locked, forced and tried to open a window.
I was really disgusted when I saw one of my friends soiling on scared as to what I was going to do with my future. I didn't want a mundane 9-5 job and yet I didn't know if I could pay my way through an unsubsidized year at university to settle down and continue my studies.
he price I was charged for work on my car believed to be there because I was ""morally bankrupt"" (before
I think I have hardly had a situation where I felt disgusted. becoming a Christian and realising that that was why Christ came to free us from sin and to forgive us).
When an acquaintance (he was drunk) of my room-mate vomitted on the kitchen and alone. And that my spiritual master strictly prohibited sexual relations outside of marriage. This caused great fear through lack of conviction afraid to hurt someone's feelings despite my own being hurt in the process.
When I entered the wound intensive care at the Central Hospital the road.
On my way home in the middle of the night I saw a drunk man and a pushbike as a little boy - all alone, lost and surrounded by smouldering wood and flame.
A girl with whom I was staying having sex with a person for about It was night and on a long trip. We ended up on side of road.
One of those days when I was going to school with my brother and car began to follow me. He waited I passed by it rotateed a little and stopped on my way. I changed completely my way and the car went on following me until I turned at a corner and running I hid in a garden of a house, waiting for the car to pass by. I went back home terribly afraid.
A series about Freud was shown on TV.  In it, a tampon had been been burgled the night before and no way of locking the door.
I discovered some pornographic literature in a workmates drawers. etc.
At a party I saw two persons having a fight. The aggressions and wasn't a nightmare, it was an uninteligible dream in wich I woke because of a certain end.
3 years ago I served in the army. Once a collegue denounced me horror the door of the closed felt down synchronicaly with the dream scare.
A condition in which I was disgusted followed when I lost money from work. Alone in car when someone came up behind the car and started banging and shaking it. Light was red and had nowhere to go until light changed. When green I took off.
aw Chinese people flattering foreigners for guilt.
Disgust with myself for consistently making foolish errors in delayed me acting to do this.
I realised that someone was insidiously attempting to shit me off fear that something will happen to the baby.
 The same as in anger. afraid. I thought that the house was coming down and that in the next day I would be dead. Everybody was awake and I stayed all night in bed without falling asleep.
aw some girls dressed up like American gesturing to a car full of mean-acting friends - felt in danger.
It was when I drunk urine during my childhood thinking it was I thought I was lost and was going to panic.
hen I heard about a murder of a 16-year-old girl audiece of about 200 people my own age whom I did not know.
hen somebody made me touch human faeces an other quite harder job.
I was stopped from entering a party while I was at School but I very late hour - no other cars on road, and driver was taking corners very sharply. I felt afraid - because if an accident happened, the area was very isolated. Also, I feared for driver, after I was dropped off - would he make it home safely.
My friend promised to take me out for a movie but he didn't turn by ourselves. One night we were nearly raped by about 20 locals - they came to our bach and tried to break the doors down. All of them were stoned or drunk and we hid under the bunks and were totally terrified. Eventually these guys gave up and went looking for us on the beach. We escaped and slept in the bush for 2 nights.
I detested my father who was a drunkard.  He would rave, proceeded to walk through dark and secluded streets of a bad neighborhood to find a telephone (recent spate of Horror Movie watching had occurred).
The time I went to see one of my girlfriends at Area 18 I found started to drive again, and had to get into hard transit and highways.
aw a man dressed as a woman airport, then board the plane alone.
erson talking about a situation while eating challenged me to fight for no apparent reason except they were drunk.
 man spat on the wall of a house exposition, I felt fear that something more serious was happening, like a revolution for example.
In cinema I saw a film which showed how a person was torn out his university. Because I didn't know if I could cope with all the requirements of study and also being older I didn't know if I would enjoy mixing with younger people, also financial insecurity.
On a camp - boys and girls in one cabin. One guy forced himself forest and I was going alone.
When I saw a male engineer one year and came back to find he was was a precipice on both sides, no protection grilles, and the bridge was completely muddled.
When I noticed that a nice person was being exploited beaten - acting as informal bouncer in a gay bar.
I stayed at the Coast for a weekend with friends. My brother came because of lack of time I had to take the short-cut.
At my grandmother's detestable and selfish conduct towards my problems.
Finding out that the class leader can go to your lectures, and was a deep pulsing type - not really music. And a light flashed on and off. It was in the complete darkness of a movie theatre that was almost empty.
When walking along the beach with my boyfriend, we saw 2 people I was an incomprehensive person and lots of time I fight with this person.
I was disgusted with the behaviour of one of my fellow students my studies.
Normally my father never tells vulgar jokes, we do not speak I was a child and all my sisters and brothers (8) were young.
When I have seen people very drunk and making fools of sweetheart.
I was disgusted with my girlfriend's behaviour. She was going out her. This occurred because we had a missunderstanding between mutual colleagues.
While reading Olli Jalonen's new book, the distant, cold and wrong direction towards an unknown district, and nearly drove down a precipice.
In the bus I was sitting next to a colleage who was drunk and the fire, verging on panic.
I felt the emotion when I entered a certain ward in the hospital nearly forty years sat beside me. After a while I looked at him and saw that he was looking at me with opened throusers and holding his penis.
To go through the underground way at suburb station of LAPA. Poor a long time. Then I experienced that terrible feeling that I might lose him.
On TV I saw a report about church in Amerika. A priest was shown someone knocked violently on the door.
aw a very arrogant girl walking like a queen I was afraid for her and for the baby.
When I see all the putridness of people. The fact is the catarrh fear in the hospital yard, I feared if everything was going to be in order.
hen I got indecent offers behavior.
I saw a program on T.V where they had to saw a skull for an        the one comming from the opposite direction at an incredibly small distance.
I felt disgusted when I was not given money for lunch at school and I and two other boys were near the water pit. We rescued ourselves only thanks to the flippers and the tyre that was with us.
o be kissed by soembody I didn't expect to first fall of snow.  I lost control of the car and it spun round and landed on the opposite side of the road, on the hard shoulder.  It was stopped by a pole on top of a bank sloping down to a stream.
 too eager approach by a dirty drunken person in a bus months in the army. During my first night of duty. The cause for all this was a bear. I became panic sticken (may be for the first time) and even forgot that I had a gun.
When a very near person got into an awkward situation but showed worked very hard and was worried about not succeeding.
In Ward 1A was an epileptic patient who was burnt the whole body interrupt my studies.
A person that eat half of a cockroach in a cake without knowing dentist. but as far as I am concerned this feeling is connected with the examination session.
Doctors ignored relative who complained about pain, and is now doorbell and getting caught by him.
I went to a party and there were some cakes which weren't good would jump but before I did it I rather felt fear.
One of my best friends was found lying flat on the road because following me.
aw people spitting in public breathless. I was cautious but I doubted I should be able to come to the surface and inhale.
During the PY 102 film session on Tuesday, one of the films shown  one to help me and call First Aid.
When I was a child, I was sometimes forced to eat things that pregnancy.
At school, when the only thing people my age could think of was getting not quite justifiable, I still remember about it.
I felt disgusted at the environment while getting back to my under my bed and I couldn't cope with it during an hour and a half.
After buying a ticket, I lost it before I reached my destination from under my feet.
I was disgusted when my brother was arrested because of stealing up nor down.
Someone told me he was chosen for the English lectures because he I was sitting on the first seat. While turning the driver didn't see the tram which was making a dash towards us (coming from the side I was), and whose driver intended to cross in yellow light.
While watching a film of an experimental operation on a cat's necessary for him to be operated and I felt great fear of losing him because he is so dear to me.
omeone being arrogant to me terrific thought that I might lose the man I loved !
When I heard that one of my good friends, when at a party, had my car.
hen I was presumed to have stolen maize from the school garden alsatians and farm dogs with my escape route blocked by a shut fence.
hen I worked at the life-saving sevice and saw the first exitus and I wasn't well prepared because I was ill.
In the army, I had been in hospital for two weeks and as soon as talking about the danger of war. Suddenly I imagined what it might mean for me, for my friends, for the people close to me. I felt it a very near and possible event.
It happened that one of my best friends just took my shirt woman with two snarling dogs, demanding we get off the property - via a flooded river !
Was picking up my father from work and on passing through the the dog for a walk. Then, suddenly, there was a man on the porch... (We live some distance away from other people).
aw someone spitting in public track in a Bulgarian winter resort).
After a pleasant evening with friends in my flat, one of them did companion. We stopped the jeep and ran for cover. Fortunately neither of us was hit but we both came close to being killed.
I feel disgusted at my cousin, who is bad-mannered, does not know towards the precipice along the road.
I met a girl (22 years old), married. I liked her. I asked her very strong fit or seizure.
The emotion came to me when a certain girl who was not polite to couldn't even drive the car into the garage. I often thought about the film afterwards, hoping such things couldn't exist in the ""real world"".
t a night club watching little tarts trying to earn a living for a year - I was afraid. But during the two hours in the hospital room, while I was waiting to be called for the operation I felt a real fear - of the pain, of what they were going to do to me, of the unknown.
Spoilt, smashed and molded potatoes in the fridge, and having to intentions.
earing of a filthy situation over the phone minority.
My life-partner is going through a crisis (way of life, old-fashioned values) there. I had the feeling I would lose him. Anyway the distance Plovdiv-Bourgas seemed to me so great.
his situation occurred when I entered into a smelling ward abilities and powers. A similar feeling I feel sometimes before an exam.
I was double crossing Mercy and Maria. They one day came to know duty as a soldier.
 was insulted without a reason by a drunk man examinations.
When I was watching a movie with many violent episodes.  They most of all. I remember I was horror stricken before my microbiology exam, because it was a decisive one.
My parents inherited an appartment and this made them behave in a directed towards me. I was quite near the house wall when it rolled by and hit me.
At my father, when he yelled and accused my sister's friend (over with fear.  I thought that someone's cold hand or something similar had touched my hand.  I crept down under the covers and went back to sleep.
I felt disgusted when a certain lady spoke words of sarcasm when and one of them began to rave under the influence of the alcohol. I felt fear of what could have happened.
When a boy whom I refused to be my lover told all his friends afraid. Two armed men confronting. I didn't discover the reason of the incident.
When my grandmother was about 80 years old, she lived with us for could not feel it at all.
At a party where the boys were telling revolting stories about brothers and sisters.
I had a quarrel with a friend who lived with me in the same flat. year when my husband was quite unexpectedly sent to the hospital.
Heard some postgraduate students talking about girls being was alive or dead, I remained ""cold levered"" during the situation
On a trip I passed by a cellulose factory. It was a fine day, but felt great fear.
hen I was the South Koreans on the TV to get out my leg was caught in the lashing. I was afraid of dying by asphixia.
Several weeks ago, I had problems with friends, I felt disgusted told us my father was badly injured in an accident.
I found a big black beetle in my coffee cup. It was alive big and alone at home.  My mother had gone out to buy cigarattes from a machine.
lose friends talking badly of other friends fault of mine.
A similar feeling I felt quite recently while travelling in a with a whimsical character and unsteady requirements.
I feel disgusted since I am unable to cope with all the wordly of my mother's breasts. It turned out to be an occlusion resulting from continious sucking but for a few days I was not in my reason.
When I saw a lady putting on a pair of trousers, I felt it was a seas and the wind was strong.  As we could not steer the boat we drifted towards the rocks.  We did not succeed in attracting the attention of any passerby until 4 hours had elapsed.
I felt disgust when I saw a drunkard vomiting very offensive took it seriously but I got frightened.
I felt it when I saw a colleague of mine eating like a beast. At unexpected actions on the part of a group of people. This evoked in me many negative emotions.
aw a dirty street disco.
eing looked at by someone I do not like three strange men, and they committed an armed assault.
Once I offended a friend, instead of her coming to me to ask and another one, as if out of control of the driver.
Political and military trnsgressions around the world, generally afraid.
I was disgusted with the hypocrisy of my colleagues from the Auckland. I was really scared, I didn't know what to say or do.
This is an incident that many of us witness in our everyday life the terrace of the flat.
I was looking after a dying patient at work one night, a young was going to end our relationship. I was afraid of reading the rest.
I read a book about the sexual phantasies of women; I read about and drawers.
I felt dusgust with a self-iterested person who ruined the life it was very quiet and very dark.
Somebody went around spreading news that I like people with wanted to sleep in that bed and had feared the night darkness (and so it is now).
We had a birthday party with 5 friends. One of us frequently used when I suddenly found myself almost under the wheels of a truck.
One day my colleague misbehaved with me.  I felt disgusted and wrong with my liver. However it turned out that it was not serious and I need not worry.
I was disgusted with a friend's behaviour when she got absolutely a man hiding behind a tree.  I got frigthened, turned around and ran out of the forest.
 The previous incident holds good here also. becoming lost for a duration of 5-7 hours.
When I entered the dissecting room for the first time. I think I ""Jungle Spider"") ran out near me. (I do not like even small
A drunk man had fallen in the street and he was shouting obscene spiders).
aw a selfish person doing a selfish thing lot of rumour in the newspaper about a murderer still being free.
In a lift a drunken, fat and untidy man tried to make advances at there was someeone else in the chapel.  I never discovered who it was and why he was there.
Old man in hospital, hollow-cheeked, only one half of his nose very young (3 years old) I dreamt about a machine which was going to crush me.
 caught a glimpse of a black-beetle  One day, this man came back to the appartment heavily drunk (hashish and alcohol).  He was quite dizzy and he broke down, and I could not foretell his reactions.  However, nothing happened.
I was most disgusted when I had to make a nagging three day separated and hadn't planned where to meet. I wasn't sure if they were even going to this place so I felt very conscious of being alone.
In a certain book I read about cruelties and violence in prison people in it. This gives me a fearful experience.
Some people were unfairly treated, because of their worked during Autumn 1984.
ome students deliberately disobey me as a class leader though not to me.
We had come back from a programme and we were all (three girls)    night, and two men started closely following me. There was nobody around that I could run to.
I was working in a classmate's house with a group. A girl began nearly pushed me off my bike and into the traffic.
I once got a phone call stating ""one of your friend is in jail, found out that I was pursued by a man in a car.
I was disgusted when my little sister had been hit badly by her that my mother had skin cancer and would have to go to the hospital straight away.
When I stayed in the house of friends, I washed my face and him a lift. He suddenly tried to attack me but I could escape. After this he followed me for a little while.
hen in my childhood we were forced to take cod-liver oil difficult to get out.
A friend told me how he managed to win the sympathy of as many an exhibitionist.
When I noticed two spiders running on the floor in different for a very long time.
hen I heard the bad news about the death of a close person at night - trying to overtake semi-trailer. The truck pulled over onto our side and we hit the wet dirt, swerved back into the truck, back onto the verge, over a guide post and into a ditch.
When I saw a man who hadn't the lower .... in a car a tram.  The attention of other drivers saved me at the last moment.
[ This is an everyday feeling.  Many situational events : causes annoyed, heard a lot of Burglary and assaults. Especially in the evening and the night I frequently felt anxious.
In school I had difficulties mith mathematics. When I had to work foreign city and I had to go back home, when a guy appeared and tried to ""catch me"".
I was very disgusted the first day I went to put a dead body in shower with a fellow student. the shower cubicle formed the connection between both appartments. My neighbour very often was drunk and aggressive. One night, I was afraid that he would enter my room.
My main disgust is against codfish because I detest even the Coast. I was caught in a rip and taken out about 100 m. I couldn't swim too well, but an older friend (17) swam out and saved me.
 woman picked her nose and spit right next to me in the morning.  I was alone on my way back, and I could hear the barking of the dogs, the nocturnal animals and the sound of my     own footsteps.  There had been a rumour  circulating that there were ghosts in that area.
Having been unjustly punished, I feel disgust towards the person out, and my sister and I had just gone to bed.
 drunken man forced me to kiss him had gone drinknig beer in the nearby village.  And we were caught red handed there by a form master.
The murder of two girls on a school trip to Berlin (and sexual Later on this acquaintance also tackeled me and the game became very rude.
I was told I shouldn't visit my sister because the holiday was one of the first two people to see the corpse and I had to do it.  Before going in to see it I was afraid as it was the first time that I was seeing a corpse.
 No response. a great bald field.
I went to eat at my aunt's house and she served macaroni with a sciences.
oesn't apply threat and fear of loosing people close to me.
A friend prepared a soup with chicken heads and invited me to eat hours.
an't remember having had this feeling violence. I was alone at home that moment.
ome foreign students playing loud music late at night she would refuse me.
hen the Americans set their nucleaar missiles in Europe previously warned of rapes, etc.
omeone acting stupid in public around you. Thoughts come into my mind which make me afraid.
When I heard that a 14 years old girl had been raped by four near where I usually park my car and walk by myself at night. Although I wasn't in danger it unnerved me for days and I was fearful whenever walking through the area.
I was forced to go to a party with someone I didn't love and he weeks - he had reacted violently to my criticisms of his work standards.
I saw a man falling on the walkway. He seemed half dead, and was was responsible for her.
he disgust I feel towards a certain person before his door. I thought that something had happened.
My classmate at TISS has the habit of biting his nails and ever me and yelled ""I fuck you"", then however he stopped and laughed at
When I saw a fight I had a physical reaction of disgust and of me.
I saw a movie called ""The Thing"", the film directed by John mine.
eople not cueing in the college dining room ran barking in my direction, very threatening. I was very startled and terribly upset.
isgust at myself when I stroked a sleeping girl's private parts in a right handed bend.  The other driver was on his own side of the road and I had to skid out of it to avoid a collision.  It was dark.
Yesterday in the elevator a man started smoking, this is reports many traffic accidents and my boyfriend is driving home and still has 60 kilometers to go.
Bus driver driving roughly - old man fell off seat into aisle - respiration).
My husband falls ill and does not follow the doctor's advice on cuts which were gaping open.
Waiting for a bus not coming for a long time, and the bus drivers windy.  I became rather panicky on the way to my house.
The way my husband and his family treated me - unfairly, cruelly, lonely and dark polders, then I always have terrifying fantasies.
There is a certain person, whom I only have seen. He makes me night, after having read a book, and once in bed, in perfect darkness, the fear arose that I too may suddenly die.
 wurm dropped on my head runway and almost at the point of take-off, when the pilot suddenly braked and put the engines into reverse thrust, in an obviously urgent attempt to stop the aircraft. The hostesses show signs of concern and my first thought was that something was on the runway in our path and that we were in danger of hitting it.
I was disgusted at the existing red-tape in the government I was very afraid to fail.
I stayed for several weeks with a friend of mine before she moved I once more should make a comment.
I once watched the series called ""Dynasty"" on TV, and I detested in the cellar. It was very late at night when we arrived in the cellar. He indicated the place where the police (40 years ago) found two dead bodies. I got very scared when he told me this story.
hen I saw our computer teacher passed a door and had the feeling that someone or something was behind me, although I knew I was alone.
I am disgusted with liers, hypocrites, slanderers, flunkeys. street.
[ I feel disgusted at people who talk negatively about a person deliberately started following me. It was dark and I was scared.
Sort of awkward. I'd introduced (a lover) but introduced as a our house. The man pushed me in the bushes. I fought back and succeeded to escape.
I heard somebody talk about studies in a highly enthusiastic the head. The blow caused a flesh wound and I was afraid of what would happen to me when the teacher found out the circumstances.
I was on my way home by bus.  A man who had drunk a fair amount of parents would further do to distroy my relationship.
I don't remember about a situation when I have experienced this night I could not fall off to sleep as I feared that humanoids were on the move.
aw my brother-in-law insulting my sister motivated by fear of being eaten to perform great swimming feats.
I do not like one of our neighbours as they are very selfish.  in the open sea.
When, for example, someone is calumnating. to live anymore.
an't describe any disgust situation vehicle.
One of my fellow students used questionable and unfair means to my friends were attacked one night without any reason for it.
Disgust - no. Maybe it is more precise to say revultion at a worm with.
Despite my being affectionate, sincere, and helpful to close  During the night it was very silent and this frightened me. The fact of being alone in that house frightened me.
We had gone to our native village and I went to visit a tribal followed.
My girlfriend came home after a business dinner at the most Visibility was almost zero and the oxygen level decreased threateningly.  There were three of us divers on one safety rope.
aw my roommate messing up our room suddenly ran into the street.  The fear came later when I     realized what could have happened.
4-letter words on a TV programme (Roche) while we were live now. A man phoned me at 2.00 am. He wanted something from me. I was afraid.
When I learned that a relative had been spreading rumours about the road, perhaps cutting off another car but not noticeable - this driver did his best to drive us off the road for about 1/2 an hour.
The behaviour of a fellow towards me and some others in the army thought ""This is my end, I am going to die"".
The serving lady in the students' dining hall shouting at agreed time, he had not returned, and I feared that he had had an accident.
ome people not cueing in the dining hall separated me from my ski and we both began to drift slowly (actually rather quickly) away to sea. The direction I was drifting in was taking me straight over a reef on which rather large sharks were constantly being caught. (I was alone with no one to help me).
istening to my roommate boasting about her new clothes me.
Scuffle in a carriage of the underground in Vienna, three drunk deep sense of uneasiness and an unwarranted fear that I wouldn't see him again.
I am disgusted with the fact that bad singers play at the opera than we agreed upon. During the last hour of waiting I was afraid something might had happened, because usally he is in time.
This is difficult, since I don't remember feeling disgust towards jumped out of the woods and tried to stop me.  There were shouting something at the same time.
When I was in a Christian institution, sometimes the nuns would got sound thrashes.
 girl I do not like kept coming to me and talking to me our bedroom.  I knew that nobody lived there since it was an office.  I got frightened (later I was given a ""natural""
iven duty by the leaders which I do not like to do explanation).
I felt disgust with a man I had trusted and respected, to whose people near my car. When I got near, they moved away, and then came close again. I had a feeling that they were assaulters. After I left I discovered that the windshield was broken.
I felt it when I saw our headmaster blushed ingratiating himself underground station of Stockholm with a group of 50 hard rockers who were drunk and equipped with various kinds of chains, etc.
I am disgusted with my sister's husband. On an early Sunday gun at 10 o'clock in the evening.
My father promised to send me pocket money at the month-end since the woods and wanted to make love with me, I refused and escaped from the car. When walking in the wood and hearing the car I was afraid.
When I went to visit a relative and saw how messy and dirty his expected miscarriage.
When I was working, I got treated in a way which I felt was not rustling etc, I am afraid that there are people who are up to no good.
I felt disgust with the alcohol, after I happened to see a young brother and sister I never could sleep then. I always imagined creepy men sneaking into our house.
A man tried to have sexual intercourse with me, though I had thought that I was going to be trampled.
Eco-activists demonstrated against a project to build a power station the moment when the doors have to open. I have it often in the elevator at our university.
lass leader told me to collect homework for him car in front of the wall and suddenly the grave digger appeared over the wall looking like a ghost. I was already afraid and almost died.
I feel disgusted with toadies, hypocrites, chameleons. was in an area on the outskirts of a large town with which we were  not familiar.  We  heard strange noises outside the house and the  house had glass walls so the whole thing was even more frightening.
lass leader getting me to do things he did not want to do big alert for a forceps delivery.
When I was still a child, I saw a horror film on TV in which with my fiancee.  We were going to a Spanish lesson and I was afraid that she would smell that I had been drinking.
I have experienced disgust with some people - usually double hardly walk. I didn't dare to go to a veterinarian because I was afraid he would kill him.
When we complained about the uncleanliness of the work place, the car.  I was forced to use the emergency brakes.
Was confronted with a person having negative thoughts of other everything, it seemed, hinged on getting it. I was really nervous, and the testing Officer made me a little afraid as well. There were lots of things to worry about. I passed however.
 When I see that the toilet is unclean. were on a camping.
Father said: If you are pregnant, you will have to procure have had great psychological disturbances.
In broad daylight I saw an untidy old man pissing and playing operation.
I happened to see two boys fighting, one of them fell down and restaurant I was going back to the hotel when a prostitute approached me to sell herself. I refused but as I carried on walking I felt that I was being followed by someone.
When my friend got very low marks in field work even though he hospitalized, because the physician didn't know what was wrong. Because his stools were black, I thought it could be cancer.
I and my friends got acquainted with a guy from Sofia who turned our relationship because he didn't love me enough while I loved him very much.
A gigantic spider climbed over my face and what is more - in my Out of control with no idea of what I was doing or where I was heading.
Heard someone boasting his fortune telling and I knew he was Wellington, this meant new school and friends (etc.).
In a public swimming hall I saw a very aggressive man who disgust), the fear was the main factor in our relationship.
egative statement concerning me of a friend before strangers almost didn't enter University.
an't remember any such feelings now Arthur's Pass in the middle of a sleet-storm, icy roads, sheer chasms to one side, sheer face to the other.
In Punjab, when in the name of religion people killed each other out 20 metres ahead of me when I was driving at 110km/h.
hen I had to plunge in a swamp of fetid and stagnant water one night by myself in the house.
Some students whose English is worse than mine can go to your ""grass"" in my tobacco.
Students on campus were unnecessarily creating trouble just to little afraid of the directions that it's going.
I watched the news at the TV, it was a commentary about fortunately).
I felt disgust when I kissed a guy that I know. I was on the outs did not notice an uncovered man hole and fell in it.  I was in there for several minutes.
 No response. friend. I had already been there other times (many times when I was younger) but that day, even if I don't believe in spiritism I was terribly afraid that something would happen to me (sort of incorporation !).
When people manipulate others through appearing better than what manner afraid of the death of my father and mother.
In the morning, the cat of my landlady had vomited on the floor, motorway on my motorcycle.
Outside a night club, a grown man was sitting on top of a younger frightening and it made me stop and think about the world around me and what it is really like out there. I was frightened all that night.
 Never experienced. life with a lot of friends in the middle of the street at day brake.
aw someone acting in a false manner in public when I was confronted by a group of males (about 6), they would not let me pass - they made comments etc. - I crossed the road and hurried home.
hen I met my boyfriend with another girl was greater when I found it.
About my girlfriend's sister who is a viper as I discovered some waiting to be summoned to the headmaster's office.
I met a certain lady at the bus depot who was using a bad was scared.
hen somebody despised a friend of mine running out.  Bad weather had already frightened us.
When I could not attend the college picnic due to some very heavy weather then.
Yesterday, I was just about to cross the road when a country guy being excluded from the group, a fear which is stronger in situations when an argument is on hand.
Once when I was studying for my examination, I was asked to do expected, he came back several hours later than expected.
A drunk man attacked his wife and wanted to humiliate her by possible failure.
Quarreling with my father, when he made false assertions. to be left alone and that I could not manage it.
When I was younger I often saw my father come home drunk (he had trying to anticipate the reaction of my father.
When a boy I hated most in our classroom took my T Jersey from my a question I posed. I felt very unsure and I was afraid to fail.
When I saw the film ""Memorie of Prison"" I saw a scene of would not go out.  My partner came in and started talking about something and I forgot about the window and suddenly I saw the kitten hanging from the window frame. I was rigid with fright till I got hold of her.
aw a mate bribing the leader in his car and drove home where we were all alone. He was seethed with rage because I withrew from his authority. He hit me, kicked me and threatened me.
Once again, my life partner came back home drunk at midnight. I use to go almost not excaping.
I felt disgust when I realized that I had eaten something fatty, asfixiated by a cardiac attack, I was afraid and woke up desperate. Altough I wasn't afraid of death I was afraid.
The carterer refused to give me sugar to add to my tea saying tried to molest me.
 friend was assaulted by a young man on her way home friend of mine.
 felt disgust when I saw a dead animal on the roadway our relation.
o see damaged lettuce (with worms) in the icebox rustling sound in the middle of the night.
When I needed another job and tought that a good and known person said to me ""Hello darling"" I was terrified and imagined the
I read a book about the situation in South-Africa, about the wildest scenes.
One day, when I was twelve years old, my brother took some slimy never been so anxious and fearful.
I felt disgust about all my friends. After having done a great very quiet. Then a man approached me and said ""Hello"".
During a football game, another player who was perspiring very realized it too late.
At school, I detested the spinach gruel which had lumps of flour molested me, constantly threatening to beat me. Penetration did not occur as the driver of the car stopped that.
etting into a crowded bus had to intervene with some risk.
After my +2, when I did not get admission in B.E I felt disgusted. Brisbane (the ""big smoke"") leaving home, my family, and moving to
I was returning from the Universtity at night when I was accosted such a big place was quite intimidating at first, and I was anxious about it.
I saw a physically handicapped young man whose spittle ran out of did not know anybody at the Uni. I was frightened because my well known and loved friends, also all my security had been taken away.
The same event described under FEAR - in the bus a man sat beside Polder. Then we were annoyed by a boy on a motorbike: he took over, stopped, took over, etc. Then we saw he had something in his hand, we turned until we came across a man, who accompanied us.
Seeing persons spending money in a shopping center with brances, which was not the wind.
One day, at an important place I met a group of girls and while shower. Then my father knocked his fist through the door, I was scared to death.
 boy in my class talking too loud in the lecture woke up and heard sounds that frightened me.
Reading about executions and massacres which happened during get tetanus.
I read about a monk who had been murdered and put into a barrel hemorrhages. Until now she recovered well each time, but there is always the threat to loose her.
Someone told me I was chosen for the English lectures because I hunter"")
At school a classmate who was a very good pupil had to help romantic. Suddenly I heard a car driving very slowly with the lights out, it looked as if they were looking for something.
an't remember any episode of disgust awful man came cycling after me.  He was shouting and I ran as fast as my legs could carry me.
When I visited a creche. The conditions weren't too precarious write off).
I was disgusted the other day I was told to take off the dog's ""cold"" film). I do not know the reason.
I saw a magazine with photographs of dead and maimed people whose very relaxed. Then a motorbike took me over and I saw the man watching all the time. Suddenly the man stood behing me and I ran away fast.
When I listened to a conversation of friends talking about the opened and while trying to avoid it the back wheels of my bike got caught in the tram tracks.  I somersaulted but had no injuries.
When I boarded Yanu Yanu bus I sat near a man who was smoking a very quiet place a boy approached us from behind and asked at what time the lesson would be finished. I gave him an avoiding answer, he took me up and wanted to run away with me.
very time I went home with my school report sense of being here. Often, laying in bed in the dark and quiet, the fear makes me feel dizzy.
I lived in a flat with a couple. The woman was so jealous of me, which we quiz ourselves in biology material. Because I believed I didn't study enough. I feared I would fail.
Car accident nearly occurred between us and drunk driver coming morning in a fairly secluded area.
I was at home alone and my mother had asked me to heat the house. a right turn as soon as it was clear. It was clear on the left so I started but a man was just in front of the car.
It was when I dreamt that I had encountered Satan, he wanted to grab me was trying to get in our back door.
hen I saw a ghost be breaking in. I called the police and was panicking while on the phone. It was awful. It turns out that I stepped on the hidden alarm without prior knowledge of its existance.
Traveling as the only female in a railway carriage in the middle father had a serious operation. I was afraid that our family (4 kids, I'm the oldest) wouldn't hold together. Everything turned out fine.
I was in a camp and went out for a walk at night on my own.  I lost  room.
hen I go out alone at night stories.
While preparing my master's thesis, I was scared that I would not parents.
When I had to go through lonely streets in the middle of the met a lion on the way, which disappeared suddenly.
When I was attending an authorized demonstrationand the police eye and I had to undergo an operation.
hen someone close to me is travelling by car and is delayed problems.  I am scared of my limitations and the unlimited problems and I do not know how to cope with them.
When I had my first oral examination after a long time; alone. I was in pain and was still under heavy medications. I could not find my parents.
When, for the first time I realized the meaning of death. dangers and there was only a small safe place on which a man was standing; he had to catch the lady who was thrown in or else ! The pit was 20 feet deep.
My boyfriend hinted over the phone about wanting to ""be free"".  This Tuesday I was afraid to go to class and get my paper because I knew it was bad.
When I was cycling to school, I nearly got knocked down by a car time that I felt my life could be in danger.
Fights that I see in the middle of the street, robberies, fear of slightly raining. A diesel truck was coming very close behind me and I was close behind a pick-up. I changed lanes and barely hit the truck and ran a Honda of the road. I was scared to death to go back and see if I caused him to crash.
hen a friend of mine told me a horror story thought was going to be very hard and felt unprepared for.
Small car accident. Black ice on the road - cars in front of us that he is not a reliable person. I was afraid if my father would not get the presents he would be angry with me.
When one has arranged to meet someone and that person arrives right when the chair was above a sheer cliff of rocks, the chair lift stopped and all the chairs sagged and everything seemed to creak loudly.
At school, I had acted against the will of the group, and the the glove compartment. My sister and I had a Fear of finally telling my parents, since my sister was the driver.
This was at secondary school, a prefect framed up some case and at midnight to pick up my broken car. We told one another horrifically scary ghost/murder stories and succeeded in scaring eachother pretty well - even though somewhere in our heads we knew the fears were unjustified.
There was an earthquake for several minutes and I was on the person to get one from was a professor who I had never talked to before. I felt a lot of fear going up after class to ask him to recommend me considering he had never heard my name before. But I did.
My sister had to undergo a very complicated operation, her learned that the rally was conducted by the Moonie cult. They were taking pictures at the rally, so I was afraid that they would circulate the pictures and then kidnap people. I did not know how the cult worked. I was scared.
Before I went to the urologist's I was afraid for several around in the weeds and a foxtail had gotten under his eyelid. I took him to the vet and I feared that he may go blind because of the foxtail.
as nearly knocked down by a car went way up in the air and then around and around. Heights are not my favorite spots in life.
I watched a very terrfying film in LT2.  This film really pushed Just the feeling that I might not get away intact, or even alive, produced fear.
I was escorting a relative on a bike, we passed by a dark road upstairs just got robbed making it the fourth.
One evening, while going to meet a friend of mine, I had to cross talking on the phone to another guy of whom he was jealous, after we had an argument in which I thought we broke up.
When I was a child I was afraid of big dogs. One day when I came already dark. She would be walking alone. She was 45 minutes late but I kept waiting, calling her room and other places she could have been.
I saw a man who had had a heart-attack and who was being seen her that weekend. I couldn't understand what could be so important as to make her call at such a strange hour. I missed the call and had to call her back that afternoon.
We were on the road in a car when a lorry bypassed us.  We had to Lucas who has been given the distinction of killing more people that any other man. I began to wonder if I should take more care for my safety.
hen my father was ill and was waiting for the results of his tests elaborate plan to scare me by having our camp attecked by a wild animal (one of them) and then convincing the campground was the home of a satanic organization.
hen they tried to rob me into a buay intersection but my neighbor stopped me just in time.
ar accident in the middle of the night because of ignorance in neuropsychology.
 was afraid before I went to the doctor's father's antique lamp.
hile paddling in the river during a storm.  I feared drowning me.
efore my final examination the question of success really scared me.
When I flew from Athens to Copenhagen after a holiday.  The plane friend. We had a good time. But on the way home we were almost in an accident because the weather was bad.
On a trip to Santander we wanted to stop at a curve because a not doing very well in school in any subject. I began to fear failing a class or two.
When we got lost in Florence and the coach did not turn up until have to walk alone in the dark. Lectures are in the biology building.
I was afraid when my dog ran out through a crack in the fence very late and I thought something awful had happened.
I had not told my parents about my bad marks in school. One day, frightened.  When I saw others crying I felt very tense and as time went by my fear grew.
I thought that I would be scolded for a comment I had made, which horror film shown on T.V.
I was camping with a friend of mine and we spent the night in the breaking into our house.
While he was drunk, my life partner tried to hit me.  I felt before the exam.
When I was travelling by tram, I tripped and fell against the hospital.
When I was in the army, a room mate of mine came back from operated  and before the operation the doctor said that it was mater of life or death.
I work at a day care centre, and one day when the children were My feet would tremble whenever I saw her but I had to face the fact that I had to go for her class.
Before an exam which I, finally did not take. wanted to apologize to her so we decided to visit her.  We knew that she was stubborn so we were frightened.  When we rang her door bell, our fear was at it's climax
When I was a child, I fell into a cellar (when playing) and could Northside and I was followed. I headed my most direct route.
efore an oral examination - which I did not take eventually sucked under in to some rocks and got stuck and all I could think was that I was going to die. And it was so quiet under the water it seemed like no one would care or remember.
Recently my younger brother disappeared for two days without base in Los Angeles this summer. I feared because I didn't want to be caught.
When I was very young, one day, I was in the street with my time as I had started working very late.  The book was difficult to read and my teacher did not accept my work as it was handed in late.
When I was going home alone one night in Paris and a man came up average and were near the lowest.  I was scared of the final exam.
efore taking an exam difficulties.
When I was hitch-hiking and I went with a man who drived like a college I didn't know anybody here; I was 17 and Berkeley really scared me.
 No response. soldiers came to bomb a house near our school and we saw the whole scene.
We were camping in the mountains, and a friend and I went for a swimming in a river on whose banks our primary school was situated.  When my friend was caught, he was on the banks of the river and some of us were still in the middle of the river.  I was very frightened.
No really strong such emotion. Just falling off to sleep when I had a lot of other things to do so I did not have much time to prepare  for the exams.  Whenever I sat down to study I was scared that I would  not be able to finish it.
I was approaching my exam time and my books got stolen.  I was in was on the verge of dying as she had refused to accept the responsibility of her pregnancy and had wanted to commit suicide.
Unknown person knocking repeatedly on backdoor when no one else ordered me to give them money or face death.
hen I was involved in a traffic accident the terms, especially the first term.  I was afraid that  I would not be promoted to the next year and that the others would go ahead of me.
ovement in bush late at night while camping would come to pick me up.  One day he did not come, it started getting very dark and I had no money on me and my home was very, very far away.
I awoke at night and did not remember dreaming about antthing in trying to kiss me.
When I get into the tube or the train without paying for the on gun-point for at least ten minutes and took away a lot of property.
 was attacked by a man at a bus stop at night permission.  It was the first time that I was driving a car.
I had been watching a triller a dark night in the country and I take my money.  I refused to give them any money and they started running after me, I ran into somebody else's house to save myself.
aiting for my marks in a difficult subject sleep alone in the room at night or see something which is only partly visible.  This emotion was very strong when as an 8 year   old child I saw something horrible.
When I was going home, I saw somathing which looked like a snake   to break into his house.
When I almost fell down from some rocks because I had been acting still nobody.  I was suddenly scared and anxious as this had never happened before.  In addition my mother was very weak and I feared that she had met with an accident.  Therefore I was anxious  all night.
When I was a child I hid under the sheets out of fear of kid brother took a big mirror and reflected light on the french windows.  I thought that these lights that we could see were coming from torches annd that it meant that there were thieves outside.
hen I was walking on a fairly out-of-the-way street  nearly overturned on the Lusaka-Kabwe road.á
hen I heard a lion roar for the first time brought along a lamp which was not working very well.  The door made strange sounds and I was sure that strange things were happening.  The most terrifying bit was that there were many wardrobes in the hut and everytime that I looked in the glass of the wardrobe I felt that there were ""objects"" behind me.   The
We were walking in the park at night.  It was very dark and very whole night was spent in fear and restlessness.
When my brother went to shoot wild ducks, I feared that the some electrical applainces.á
When I drove to Stockholm for the first time and drove off the surrender all the property I had and I remember feeling very scared.
My mother had fallen down from a ladder when she had been with them outside and to catch some boys.  However our parents did not know that we were out and when I got home it was very late and I feared being scolded by my parents.
I was watching a procession during the Holy week, and a penitent grade E in mathematics for a grade F and I was shocked.
One evening, when I had gone fishing with my friends, we heard hospital.
When I saw a TV program on the North American military plan afraid of not being accepted.
he possibility of having failed the examination a piece of glass so I went to the district hospital and got admitted there.
My father had been drinking and I feared him when we went to bed turned bad suddenly and the male class-mates turned off the lights.  I remained on the table and was scared.
 had a dream in which I was an African elephant purposes at the school of medicine.
After a motor accident (I was the frong-seat-passenger) I spit chair and looked at my fellow students all around.  I was really scared that they would ask me some questions or challenge the ideas that I had presented.
A neighbour's girl had disappeared and many people were looking everyone else was sleeping and I could not even go to their room.
When I was at home alone, I felt a super-natural force, dangerous Zambezi river.
My fear appeared in the form of jealousy. I was afraid that my laboratory) and I heard something and felt that there was some thing behind me.  I looked back and there was no one.  I started imagining that maybe it was a corpse.
I was in my village when a bull jumped over a fence and started suddenly rang.
I got lost in a foreign town. I did not know the language of that my gross anatomy practicals.
In a rather important exam, when they caught me red handed and I broke my left arm.
One evening I stayed at home all alone. As we lived on the ground human bodies.
My mother had not come home at midnight.  She had forgotten to negative answer.
I was driving and a deer suddenly appeared in front of the me.
The last time I was face to face with with the monstrous dog turn back when an officer shouted at us to stop.  My friend took a turn suddenly and the officer raised his gun but by the time we were gone.
When a big angry dog put its snout on my arm and had I made one group I was very afraid.
One night, I was alone at home.  My fear was caused by some the admission list was disclosed.  I was scared that I would not be admitted and my fear lasted for quite some time.  My fear disappeared only after the list was disclosed.
I was awakened by a dream in the middle of the night. I dreamt school who beat us up.
When I was 8 years old, I would usually come home from school go to my car, which was far away from the beach.  It was very dark as there were no street lamps.  I ran in the dark, very scared, I ran as fast as possible.
When I wanted to go into a house, there was suddenly a big dog closure, we were surrounded and threatened by the paramilitary forces.
When I was ten I got shut in the school with a friend.  I had to father should apologize to him, however I was alone at home.
When I was walking on the street, a group of drunk, bawling young at UNZA, school of medicine.
While taking a short cut through the Vasa park, I was surrounded where there was a lot of moss and I slipped into the water.  The water was very deep and I could not stand on my feet.  I sank and had to use a lot of energy.
When I could not find my 2 year old daughter.  I ran and looked tried to overtake a very big truck only to find another big truck parked right in front.
The time I was threatened with expulsion from secondary school (form mistakes in the P110 exam.  I was afraid of failing and thus being unable to go to the school of medicine.
I was walking down a little village at night.  There was nobody during a single year.  The third operation was risky and I was scared that he would die and feared that my grandmother would be very sad.
I was less than 10 years old when our neighbour's dog chased me felt like dying.
When I saw a good male friend unexpectedly after a year, as I've several dead bodies lying on the benches.
Every time I imagine that someone I love or I could contact a and scared.  If I failed I did not know what I would do as I did not want to work, my family was ambivalent.
While I was waiting for them to give me the marks of the most exposed to preserved dead human bodies.
hen I nearly collided with another car them.
The shooting started and we all lay down to protect ourselves lacked confidence.
I am a ""cantor"" - I sing psalms in church. Several weeks ago I that she would not survive and if she did she would loose her memory.
My episode of fright happened when I came to study.  I had to when he came back from work.  One day it so happened that his hair was scattered due to over-crowding in the train, and when I opened the door as usual I saw something else.  I was so scared that I could not talk.
I was afraid of a certain examination although I was relatively and he was calling me to talk about it.
When I was caught by the police and was kept with a group of that there was very little time (about 9-10 hours) to study in between.
A teacher wanted to instill a certain opinion and a certain It cried for almost an hour and I feared it might break the window and enter inside the house.
hen someone tried to bewitch me and my friends at night house.  I was quite scared, that something terrible might happen, till the situation was brought under control.
One night, while I was sleeping, I woke up suddenly with the fell down and the roller rolled back towards me -down slope-It is a miracle that I still have my legs intact.
At about midnight I had to go by bike through Graz alone. On the into a car which was moving nearby. The driver got angry and came to report to my parents.
Once, when I was very young, my mother left me alone in the judgement and action on what I had done.
While cycling in the country, I came across a large herd of in the M.Sc exam and this was likely to affect my career.
A bus drove over my right leg.  The event itself was not very market and unfortunately the bicycle was stolen and I didn't know how I could tell the owner about the stolen bicycle.
When my father's home was to be broken into by thieves who had rest of the day that the dream might come true e.g., being beaten (or eaten ?) by a snake.
I was alone at home, in bed reading a womens' magazine in which and I was left alone to look after the house and the property. At night thieves came and wanted to break into the house.
I had decided to propose to the man I liked to make a trip for one month.
I was spending my summer holidays in a village.  My friend and I by fear because I was told that ghosts detain people moving there at night.
I had to go to the dentist's. When he touched my tooth with his two or three hours only for fear that I would be weeded and sent back.
When I was a child, I had a terrible nightmare with St. Nicholas' filled with fear.
When I am out in the dark and a suspicious looking character that disease since and I had never seen him as he was.
I was walking in the countryside alone when I came across two the subject of impregnanting a school girl. I really feared of standing in the court in a few days time after this notice. I was also embarassed due to formal approach that was expected of me to the Principal.
When I was 8 years old my tonsils had to be operated on. This is away suddenly and one time I had a dream in which I was talking to her yet she is dead.
One day I went to the cinema to see a film in which I was cries at night it's the sign that someone will die. So one night I was alone in the house and I heard the cry of the bird and I was afraid.
When I went to town in a double dekker bus.  The bus was about to in the hands of.
I met intoxicated people with dubious intentions in a back alley had fear that I might be one of the failures.
Many years ago I saw the film ""Psycho"" by Hitchcock for the first simply because I was not keen enough at checking whether there was still enough water in the relish or not, instead I was just playing with my friends.
hen my mother was robbed in a shop This was when I was working in children's ward I thought I had killed the baby.
It was on St. Claus Day when I was five years old. St. Claus and when dad joined the family from his working place I found myself having fear for him for no cause at all.
I was travelling back home by boat with two friends of mine after short only knocked at the window whispering that I should open for him.
I borrowed a car which was supposed to be used for a long journey bush and blocked the road. I was in fear and didn't know what to do.
When I was walking at night, I saw fire suspended in the air and and when making a turn, it seemed as if the boat would sink on the side.
I had an accident in which I hurt my eye.  I was afraid of having experiment.
hen I was operated on the knee and had to go through rehabilitation boyfriend I thought I was not going to be given pocket money.
I went to practice in Sweden during summer, and I was afraid that examination as I had studied a limited partion of the course thoroughly and I was in great doubt whether that would be asked.
[ Meeting some new (unpleasant) people or some new, demanding decided to get 1st class results.  I was afraid thinking of how the papers would be.
I live outside Graz - so I have to go by bus. One day I went home broke down, so my other sister said I had to walk alone from Ndirande to Chirimba at around midnight. So we reached home at 1 am. I was afraid of robbers and dardness.
I wandered by mistake into the safety zone of a shooting range, threatened me that I was going to be expelled.
When my brother hit his head and lost consciousness at the sports without permisssion and at the wrong time.
Some friends and I were crossing a street when one of my friends tackle the questions.
On the way back from Denmark with a friend on a small yatch, for surgery, I was afraid he might not come back to life after hearing of the General Anaesthesia.
When I went home alone early in the morning, I had to go through School.
One evening my father told me to go into the cellar and get him a parent's house. Suddenly we met my grandfather and I was afraid that he would report to my parents.
In a dark street at 4 o'clock in the night and there was the way I met my friends and they told me that two people had died because of heavy fighting. I proceeded on but with fear.
I went home all alone from a restaurant. It was dark, I went very making it known to my mother. While we were there at interval, I came across my mother just close to where we sat.
When my sister had the still born child, she was emotionally very very fast, so I feared we might crash since the road was too rough.
I was walking down a road and suddenly a few dogs appeared at a fence to cross the Lilongwe River Bridge to come back to School due to darkness - until somebody had to escort me.
One evening, in the tramway, I was afraid of two drunk men he was going to cut me off from going to his house as well as playing it again.
t was more that fear - anguish -that I felt before my last exam heard the sound of jamming car braked behind me. I woke up from my dreams and it was about to crash me.
When I was young I saw a horror film.  Then when I went to sleep, meet.
hen climbing up the stairs to the top of a ski-jumping hill Blantyre. I was brought to the hospital while my leg was totally swollen. The x-rays confirmed there was no fracture but collection of blood n the muscles. I feared when they started to incise the swollen part with surgical blade.
Once I spent a night with a friend at the secondary school. We Malawi. Before we could settle down the lake became very rough to the point of threatening our lives.
When I was told that my daughter, who is at a boarding school, unlocked. Unfortunatly a thief came and stole all the kitchen utensils. Thereafter I was afraid of the consequences.
When a man who had a knife grabbed me and threatened me with it,   were rumours about an earthquake. That night dogs were chasing one another and passed through the window outside the classroom. Those who saw the dogs thought it was a lion and were terrified. Trying to run away the desks were dragged and there was a shaking movement. I thought it was an earthquake and jumped out of the window.
 In an aeroplane. their house to look after the baby when they went to a party.
On my way through lonely streets I met with a huge stray dog. It fees instead I spent it on beer and did not tell him about this.
I was at the cinema with my sister and her boyfriend.  A man might bite me.
On a mountain tour, my girlfriend and I passed by an inn. Near friend alone, I cheated my parents that she didn't go out, after they had heard that she was out, I was afraid that she might have beaten me.
I was almost caught in the girls hostel by the security men, I by my parents.
I was skiing with friends and they wanted to ski-jump. I did not last offices. But this was my first time to see a dead person - fear came.
I stayed alone in the dark at night in the mountain, waiting for crying in the Lingadzi jungle. I was alone.
A fall during a climb, with almost with no previous experience. another girl of mine also gave me a wristwatch.
When I was the first to arrive at the scene after an accident, off the bus around 6.30 pm.
One night I was lying in my bed awake but I had my eyes closed. I air into the place of puncturing and there was a swelling which is dangerous to the patient hence I became afraid.
In a cottage in a large forest, I was alone for a while in the hyena just near the path in the forest.
When I was about six years old, I mistook a cat for a leopard      disapproved him of his coming home. I thought they would chase me out of the house.
While cycling in the country a dog started running beside me, was sleeping near a baobab tree.
hen my mother had a nervous illness problems of how to move to this place.
My husband suddenly fell ill seriously and during the medical after hearing the failure of my fellow three friends.
When I was a child, I heard the floor cracking and I thought fear that some men would attack me and rob me.
Once I failed seven subjects at school and I was terrified to while playing with friends from neighbouring villages the flock escaped me and went into a far place. It became dark and I was afraid of father. I went home and hid myself.
When I was on a cave excursion with friends, I suddenly lost them with a certain girl in their class so they had to shout and beat the girl and the matter was reported to the headmaster.
When my 2 year old son climbed up and sat on the 7th floor moonlight.
When we stayed in Vienna with our class, my friend and I behaved are always thieves there and the people who kill their friends during the night two months ago.
hen I had to assume a position which I didn't expect Unfortunately the patient passed away. I had seen him dying and it was the first experience. During the night I became afraid fearing the dead body.
One night, walking along a park, I began to think that some home when I was preparing for my MCE examination during the night.
The fear about my future : work, making ends meet and health. a fracture.
One evening I saw the old guard-man I knew, change into something the bus leaned against a wall.
After a footballmatch I went home by car, a friend drove. I did off a very crowded train.
When I was walking down the street, some boys showed me a knife reaching home.  I feared that when I reached home there would be a quarrel because of my being late.
 film on zombies what would happen to him.
We were in the country and I walked away from the others one training I was asked to handle the ninth standard class in a boys school.  I was scared to face the class the first day.
When I was told by the doctor, after many months of coughing, before the declaration of the results.]
hen my dog ran out on thin ice last spring down on the platform.
On a dark night I felt that there were several people near me was afraid of delivery itself and whether I would give birth to a stiiborn or a baby.
We were riding in a friend's car.  He was driving very fast and 6 months.  I felt very scared for my health and my studies.
On the way home one Friday night in the heavy rain the car that I was afraid of sleeping in pitch darkness.  The room which my sister and I were sharing had no light, and I would refuse to sleep without having the light of the adjoining bathroom switched on.
When, as a child, I was nearly knocked down by a car. He was going so fast that I felt that I would fall off without my brother realizing it.
When abroad, while driving a car along a dark, winding road. me.
isk of being involved in a fight after a party out of order while I was still in the upward position.
When we had swimming instruction, we had to take a header from university lectures.
I am a kindergarten teacher and I am thoroughly weary of my job.  science.
When I climbed up a tree to pick apples.  The angle of the ladder close by (1/8 mile). I was in bed at the time and was afraid I might be struck.
y car skidded on the wet street required stitches. I later learned that the consequences could have been much more severe and that terrified me.
I turned the knob of my granny's two band radio and did not hear swim. Although I had a life-jacket on I still panicked.
lmost always when I go to fetch the results of an exam not know where everyone else had gone, I kept waiting for them to come back and nobody came.  It was getting very late and I was terrified.
Once our school class went skiing. On a steep slope a boy of suffering grades.
I was sleeping in my room but woke in the middle of the night to and she was going away.  I was overjoyed for her, but also felt frightened as I was very emotionally dependent on her.  I did not know what I would do without her.
During a demonstration I climbed up the closed central door of a that it might lead to brain damage or convulsions.
My mother, my sister and I were sitting in the sitting room and 9.30/10 P.M.  I felt slightly apprehensive when I got off the bus and started walking towards my place.  I was confident that nothing would happen to me, yet there was this slight feeling of fear.
When I had to walk over three kms through a field which had wild bulls, was an over-night journey by train to a distant place.
hen two of my children were critically ill with measles was supposed to take.  I was 1500 Kilometres away from home and when  I heard the depart whistle I was still 150 feet away from the train.  I finally made it.
hen I broke the window pane of my next door neighbour's house around.
When I found out that my father had lung cancer and they did not  The last bus had already left and so I started walking, it soon became quite dark.  The road was a village road and was deserted, I was not even sure if that was the right way.  I finally reached home at 10 P.M.
After my boy-friend had beaten me for the first time, I always to cover up for him I myself was exposed, though not directly.  We were to meet our field work suprevisor and we were afraid of the consequences.
When I was a child, I was always afraid of my father. Just when circulated my papers to all the panel members.  A day before the seminar I realized that I had inadvertantly burdened certain       derivations and I had failed to correct it.  I feared that this    would reflect very badly on my performance.  Fortunately none of  the panel members detected it and I felt relieved.
hen two drug addicts tried to take away my money non-sense letter to a girl and he told the father of this girl that I was the culprit.  When I got to know this I was scared as  the girl's father was a worse man.
I was in Sierra Nevada, climbing a peak over 3,000 metres high, about 8 kms  from my home.  I started walking as there was no bus.  I had to cross hills and as it was dark I could not identify the path.  Half way through it started raining and as there was no shelter I ran four kms to reach home.
When my relatives and I were in a car going slowly on a frozen be allowed to sit for the exams because of my low attendance in class and the bad experience in the terminal exams.
I studied medicine for several semesters and at that time I asthma, I had lost my health, charm and cheerfulness completely.
My girlfriend and I slept in a lonely hut (we had drunk alcool). bad.  When I started my journey to Bombay, after having accepted my uncle's offer to come to Bombay, I was afraid, wondering if I  would succeed or not.
When I woke up at night to find a fire spreading towards the bed terrifying dream, I could not go back to sleep for a long time.
ontinous fear of a nuclear war the police and he started following us.
I was walking home with a friend at night along a quiet street.  part II exam.
I feared that I was pregnant.  It was not planned and I would degree exams.
I was in a dark cellar and saw a glowing red point. I thought where I would be residing.
hen I crashed my car foot on a frog, as it felt smooth I thought that it was a snake  and I felt afraid. á
When I was a child, I had a nightmare. At that time, I was not is during exams and subsequently while waiting for the results.  However there is one occassion when I was paralyzed with fear.  This was when I was doing my M.A.-I, and we had a series of student lectures.  I was one of the participants and my lecture happened to be the opening lecture.  I had been confident all morning, about twenty minutes before the lecture, my confidence started failing me.  I felt my heart go cold, my lips go dry and I was really paralyzed.  This incident of fear is still fresh.
Our tutorial group was soon to be divided, and we got a list of by a stranger.  He would follow me to the campus and then sit outside my class.  If I was not there he would ask my friends as to where I was.  He was a dark, ominous looking person and I was terrified of him as I did not know his intentions.  I reported him to the security officer, who turned him over to the police.  I was even more petrified then.
I was walking with another person when a ""gang"" separted us and forest.
ravelling by coach on a rather narrow and wet road thus spent a sleepless night as I kept feeling that there were ghosts dancing around me.
Someone knocked on the door when I was alone at home (though was no doctor or compounder near by and for a few hours -8 A.M to 6 P.M she did not speak a single sentence, nor did she drink water or  milk.  There was no movement in her body and I felt really scared.  I almost lost my confidence about her survival.
hen they threatened me with a knife to take my money very nervous and thought that it would cause defects in his head.
My grandfather had lung-cancer and was being nursed at outside.  I thought that he would reveal what he felt and would question me on our relationship.  I treated him as a friend and did not want any misunderstandings.  Therefore I refused to meet him and told him that I would see him the coming day.  I was very unhappy as I feared having hurt him and got him into trouble.
One night I had a feeling that somebody was stealing my car, I tried my best.
I had climbed on a cherry tree alone and there was a thick threatened to shoot my father if he did not part with some money.  I was looking at the man with his hand on the trigger.
When I was stopped by plain clothes policemen because the car I afraid as the results of one of my major subjects had been very unsatisfactory.  I thought that I had only a 50% chance of passing.  Even if I failed this subject I would not need to repeat.  However I liked this subject very much and my results were bad because of my lazyness.  If I was forced to change to a minor in this subject I would be very unwilling.
I felt fear of the purest kind after a car accident.  The and flapping their wings in the bedroom at night.  It was very dark and I could not even see my nose.  I did not know that it was the birds till my mother told me so.
I was walking along a subway when I saw a group of louts.  I was afraid that I would fail.  My result was a grade D, though it was not good I still passed.  I felt more comfortable then.
Before an examination: I had the fealing that I had not learned through the window and saw a thief  trying to enter my neighbour's house.
hen I am walking on the streets and see a gang of thugs mother had been knocked down by a car at the street crossing and that her husband should go and see her.  I could not believe this as my father and my mother had gone out together to buy lunch boxes.  However I immediately ran to the scene of the accident.
At night, I walk home past a forest.  Once, somebody got stabbed after a day.
I went to visit a friend in hospital.  He was going to be gunshots.
When I am alone at night after having read horror stories, and was then very scared thinking that he would die as he lay unconscious in hospital for two weeks.
Before knowing my marks I was not sure that I wanted to go to would find here and the kind of behaviour they would have towards me.
It was winter/spring and the ice was melting.  I was far out on a classmates.
At the railway station, while waiting for the last train at night something with the person who caught me (bribe) and even though he promised not to report me, I am still frightened.
hen a thief broke into my house at night male stranger phoned us and spoke to me in a rough language.  I hung up and heard someone walking outside our door.
I was driving my car and it was very misty. It was in the night would die.
y first public appearance in front of a rathe big audience There had been a lot of deaths of late - 3 out of every 4 operated.  I was scared for my uncle's life.
After a short stay in Marocco we missed the ferry-boat back to were off.  I got inside the gate and just then I realized that the dogs may be outside.
hen I was nearly beaten up by the brother of my girlfriend  I was afraid when they threatened to take me and my girl to the gallows.
I felt fear some months ago of losing the person whom I loved it back on time for the C119 practical sessions at 1400 hours last academic year.
A friend's father had died, I was to come and see this friend that he had not come back from school and that he was lost.
When I was in a car with my parents and friends and we had to alone to the hostel at night.  I had to walk through a long and quiet road and I was scared of meeting a ghost.
hen I had to talk with an important person about a job even though I closed my eyes.  The last scene of the film kept coming back to me, I seemed to hear the girls in the film shouting at the devil.  The devil did not have any expression on his face and I thought that he would choose me.
I had this experience of fear when few people were fighting at a had tried and failed many times and this was the last time that I was taking the exam.  I knew that if i failed again I woulld have to enter the society.  I imagined things during this period - I dreamt that I had entered university and it was a nice experience.  When I thought about the future, an unexplainable fear rose in me.  I feared being a worker and not having a bright prospect, I also feared the criticism of my relatives as my brother had gone to university.  Whenevr I thought of this issue I could not eat or concentrate, and my heart beat increased.
hen my brother was very late in arriving home from work from behind to overtake us.  However another one was coming right in front so the other vehicle changed course and blocked our way and so we crashed against the side of the road.
One day I was near home, kissing my boyfriend in a car when my angry.  She fainted suddenly and I was very scared as I did not know what to do .
ad fear of losing husband would be killed.
efore important sports events hard and finally managed to escape from it.  My torch suddenly went off and we talked about ghost stories and I thought that there were ghosts.
That if ever I was really naughty I would be sent away from my heard.
Climbing a mountain to see a view, towards the top we suddenly an unfamiliar environment.  It was getting dark and we did not know how to get back home.
I was in a train where a fight occurred. One person who was there a hotel.  The room I was staying in was very silent and had very dim lights.  The last night I felt frightened and lay awake - I could hear some sounds around me and dared not open my eyes - I waited for dawn.
I received a phone call from a high school friend whose younger us.
I was riding with a friend in his car. At a speed of 120 km/h on spot.
My mother did not come home till late at night (Ages ago). Anyway urine for some other examination, he told me that something bad would happen to me as he would play magic on me.
My daughter was 2 yrs she went up to a colt tried to hit it. It dictation.
I had an important amount of money with me and felt fear of being forced to marry her or go to court.
I walked up the main street of Auckland at 10 o'clock at night. I in order to get away from him.  We were all alone and all I could see was this hand coming towards me.
Was threatened with a knife ... in the military by soldiers form school.  His tongue was swollen and he told his mother about it.  The mother reported it to the headmaster who threatened to expel us.
hen I saw a horror film school and at first I did not feel frightened.  By the time I reached the fourth floor ( the results were being given on the fifth floor) I found it difficult to walk and felt that I would die.
After having slept for a short time I woke up - I had the feeling a distance of about four metres.
Being sexually assaulted (not rape, but passionate kissing) by a antique lift.  The guy discovered me and warned me, I was very frightened.
One day, when I realized that I was alone, I felt fear of get together at that time) someone knocked vigorously on the door.
Fear of punishment for having broken an item of value to my leaves behind our house.
Motorcycle accident with two people involved, running off the I wasn't home purposely at the time we arranged.
Last Summer in Italy I was attacked by a dog.It was terrible to old.
hen approached by a gang of youths in town at night told me not to go.  Unfortunately I broke my pectoral girdle and had to go to hospital.  When my mother  came to see me I felt guilty as I had not listened to her and I had to soon sit for a public examination.
I'm afraid of driving on the special seat of a mororcycle, mainly knocked her down.
When the car I was driving skidded on an icy road and landed in   me.
I was terrified during an axcursion in Italy. I was lost and left felt guilty the next day.
Going home alone through the forest after a girl guide (scout ?) episode with my sister, who should have received my support and attention.
I was with a friend in a stationed car when, suddenly a man the bus unfortunately I stepped on a bag in which there were delicate things.
hen I first sat for an entrance examination much with my personal affairs. I told her so rather strongly and she started crying.
When I am travelling by car and have to meet an oncoming car apple. (And eventually was compelled to confess - Dostoersky would like this).
atching a horror movie with friends if it was me who had taken the money, I denied it.
When there was a fight at home and my father threatened to throw wouldn't want me to and I would get into trouble if she found out. But she was only partly justified in forbidding me to use it. She never found out.
Walking home at night after university - part of the way, there stationery store because I didn't have enough money.
Climbing a mountain where the rocks were very loose. When we to each other in front of the door of my house. One day we decided to gush with on a passing car. The driver stopped and went to discuss with my mother and my aunt that were there.
hat someone would discover whom I really love given her no attention.
I came home and discovered that someone had broken in. Then I started crying and I felt sorry and guilty for what I did.
One afternoon, helping at home on the property, I was not do it because my father was in a bad mood and I was afraid that he would grumble.
The week before I entered to army, when we were being selected. own feet.
A Maori language oral test, yeaterday - Although I had studied make me feel guilty.]
I was in the dark room, it's insecure and has holes covered with spotted the same evening near the house of the neighbour in front.  I did not do it and the same day the thieves broke into this neighbour's house.
A truck (big one) nearly mowed me off the road (I was driving a ultimately I had hit him hard.  He, being physically weak had to visit his doctor and remain absent from school for two days.
I was rock-climbing and absailing & felt OK, but suddenly as I parents. As the relationship developed I found it harder and harder to confess and became sure it would end our relationship. He eventually found out when told in front of me by my mother.
When I realized that we are living on borrowed time, and that the wanted me to do anymore. I guess I sort of betrayed them after all they had done for me.
When my mother entered surgery for a quadruple heart bypass. I fight, I feel guilty.
I should have given a test lesson to get a job. I had no courage. made.  But when the moment came I did not agree with her opinion.
I caught a huge eel on a fishing line which I had pulled into the didn't really do.
I was alone at home, a man forced the front door which was me, I realize how privileged I am.
After I had managed to fail my first year at University I was paper I was writing. I told her that the info. was for a newspaper article. I was afraid if I told the truth she wouldn't help me.
Fear - paralysing - that I would not be accepted by the God who I see a friend and stayed out late. when I got home my mother was awake and I felt guilty.
I had to tell someone that I was interested in remaining celibate love was going on well, but it happened that I made the friendship come to an end suddenly without good reasons.
Being very close to having an auto accident, almost driving off it had to be done.
Riding through a bush fire on an island of Australia - on a her stong in her neck, she had a throat surgery what make me feel guilty about the future reactions she might had injuring the surgery.
Being driven by friend who suddenly swerved and skidded a little. finished at the Cafeteria because I took food which was more than my share.
I was walking from my friend's house, a few blocks from my house, when a curt, and we stayed in the car ""making love"". At the time I was
In a flat in Sydney - rough area at home on my own - the flat had seventeen and I was very immature until a day I lost my virginity.
Thinking of the unknown, what happens at the moment of death, to plead guilty.
When I woke up in the middle of the night because of a dream, it sudying that I wanted to because of more pleasant activities which come up.
atched a horror movie which involved sexual attacks on women that I had not participated in the sports activities the previous day.
 reoccurring fear that something will happen to my relatives bought him a xmas present as expensive as I had.
eing alone at night she would do, because I had messed up her program for the following day.
When I was dreaming that I was being chased, in the upmost of broken.
Stopped at lights in Mangere late one Friday night on way home school and study instead of helping them. I feel that I'm letting them down, disappointing them.
As a result of breaking the indicator light as mentioned to caused guilt.
To talk in a meeting - expound my thoughts on a subject. Fear desired or permitted.
When I have to leave the baby in the carriage and go shopping, I I had failed to insert a NasoGastric tube but she went and scolded the patient that she was being uncooperative.
 No response. weeks. I watered them, but let them stand in a cold room so that two of them perished.
I remember when I was a child of a storm that made me terribly asked me to wait for half an hour to take him back home.  I said no.
Confronted outside a party by some very nasty character - friend. She was very sorry when I changed my mind and decided not to go after all.
I was skiing alone and the mountain became covered with mist and the thefts through the year (I have never stolen).]
hen a guy chased me when I was out jogging we went down the slope on ski, I lost my friend who had lost his way. I thought that something must have happened to him (he finally arrived but after a very long time).
When I had to give a speech about some historical event, to an Examinations in 1972. I knew that I would suffer the consequences of what I had been doing during class hours: thus playing with friends and sometimes not even going to school.
eing close to drowning was babysitting.
After some time of work I was transferred to another place and in the same instant the pastry felt on the floor.
When riding in a very fastly-driven car on a lose metal road at a pulling a dead branch off a tree. I told her she didn't respect me.
A friend (female) and I were on holiday on Great Barrier Island bad mood because my father was very ill and I knew that my mother really needed support.  I had reacted wrongly.
At the tender age of eleven a friend and I left a party and family when visiting.
I had a driver licence but I didn't drive for a long time, than I I see my best friend I feel guilt because we can't tell him.
Being alone in Europe and having to catch a train and bus to the it. Later snapped at him over trivial thing. He looked downcast. I felt guilty - ""he's just done all that work for me"".
Waiting for a taxi - when within 1/2 an hour two separate people teacher noticed it and decided that he would take some action against me, when I realized this I approached him and told him that I was sorry for the incident and would not repeat it.
The day that there was a black-out in the city, and I was in an person to inform her that I would go with her. I thought she knew what I wanted.
When I decided to leave my steady, secure employment to come to same day).
Once I had to go home on foot at 5 a.m. I had to pass through a angry I would get when I was babysitting my new brother and he would not stop crying. I did not do anything harmful or shocking. But I feel guilty for treating him the way I did especially since I adore him now. That's why I spoil him now.
Passing (by car) over a bridge where only one car could pass. There has school examinations and now she has examinations.
Being harrassed for being gay; suggestions of being physically lights, at night and so a police man caught me.  I requested him to let me go but he would not so after a few minutes I just escaped.
At about nine p.m., I went home by bike on a dark cycle-track; I couldn't explain her the lesson.
Almost crashing my car, something which could have led to great recovered from illness, I was rather lazy.  This meant that he had to work hard and was not very well later.
ssaulted by drunken neighbour more rampant brother take the blame.
Once when I crossed the street, and was nearly trampled by a car. in winter I was late - and let a fellow worker stand in the cold for half an hour.
I was watching a movie alone - it was a horror movie. The music exams.
I felt afraid of losing somebody I love to another person because loans from my friends.
I was afraid of moving away from home and moving to Helsinki for because of this; my mother wanted to stand up for me.
hen I failed my first exam at the Higher Institute wanted to do.
hen I was jumped by three men in a deserted area pretended I had nothing to do with the problem.
When my father died I felt myself alone and the fear possessed me. family and friend.
Afraid I wouldn't catch the train when I was going to see my them back and I told her I didn't have them. I duly found and returned them.
When a friend of mine discussed with me, I felt fear of losing wrong, and I was reprehended for this.
aven't been frightened for ages I accepted to do the test for army.
bscene phone call where the person knew my name structure.
We were driving a car of a friend of mine when we turned in the and I realized that she was more enthusiastic about her spiritual life than I was.  When I was with my brothers and sisters of Christ I had a guilty feeling which could not be dismissed easily.  When pepole asked me as to when I would be baptised my guilt feeling deepened.
 terrible fight that I provoked with my friend brother. This has led to feelings of guilt towards him.
The house was on fire, and I was saved by the dog. I am afraid of headlight).
hen I was attacked by a teenage boy and had my wallet stolen angry.
hen I was just to be divorced grief; not until she was in hospital I heard that I had been the reason for her action.
I was sitting on the bus coming back from school. A man from understanding that she needed support.
 fear of lack of personal powers no. I then went and didn't the same thing with someone else and hoped the first person never found out.
efore going to the dentist and try to bypass the situation.
Few years ago my father was very ill. He stayed at a hospital for sick.
I was alone in my room at the boarding house when at 12 o'clock back.  I had given it to my girlfriend, Lizzy, as a present.
 lost my way on a trip in the mountains her job, I stayed in bed all day.
 was going to knock down a pedestrian with my car we were staying.
A friend of mine gave birth to a child. Very dangerous delivery. felt sorry.
 felt it when I sat for my exam in anatomy the extent of the damage until he showed it to me the next day. The shock on my face was genuine so a friend interceded with a good excuse which I did not deny. I never clarified the situation.
The night before my wife had given birth to our twins. I felt as I had not worked hard because I had been roaming around with my  friends.
Having quarreled with a boyfriend, he threatened to leave me. my former boyfriend. This made me feel a little bit guilty towards my friend.
A fear from the loss of a close friend as a result of his I was quite jealous - later on the photographer decided not to take her photograph, and she was very upset - I felt guilty as a result, almost as if I had caused her to lose her opportunity, by not being genuinely happy for her in the first place.
I experienced it once when we were on a drive. Our car passed by balls.  I found one near the tennis court and took it to be mine despite thinking that it might belong to the student in the next court.  I felt guilty.  Later someone came to me to claim the ball and I gave it back to him.
In a dam lake, when the water was let flow to water the plants above his left eye while trying to separate us.
When I was involved in a car accident last November, after the close friend when that person was more of a casual acquaintance.
In the real sense of the word I experienced fear in my first eyes that they blamed me for the situaiton.
Before getting back the results of a test in school, when I had growing thin. I did not realize that it really was my fault until several weeks later.
aving a car accident relationship with.
Because of a conflict with my parents there was a possibility to whom I loved and who was not in any way responsible for what had happened (my sister).
One fears many things, for example one fears going to the at.
efore an exam in logics wait outside the ward.
After mischieviously ringing on the chemist's trade-entrance love with another man.
I bet that I would jump down from a window. I was sure that I able to find out who they were to stop them.
One dark night with no street lights, a car was obviously if another car was coming and went out. The car that was coming was obliged to stop suddenly. It didn't crash but for a little.
When diving deep into the sea to reach the floor I felt brother, as I myself could not swim very well and my brother had started sinking to the bottom, however my elder brother saved him.
Once I was alone at home. I suddenly felt unwell and there was no behind me asked me for some answers.  The teacher looked at us just then and scolded both of us.  Everyone started looking at us and I felt very guilty.
When I and the person mentioned above had a suspicion of friend of his. We all lay on the floor to sleep. When my boyfriend was fallen asleep the other boy and I started petting. After 15 minutes I felt miserable and awoke my boyfriend to tell him that.
I felt fear when I sat for one of my exams. Though my fear was prevented her from learning (we often went out etc.).
I felt this feeling when one day my landlord's cat had crept chocolate bar and ordered me to bring it to my father working outside. On my way I could not resist the temptation and ate it myself.
Fear of the loss of a close friend, of feeling the ground slipping in the newspaper and when my friend asked me if I had applied for that job, I told him that I had not even seen the paper of that day.
f a close relative's life is in danger from a closed. Mother asked who did it. I said that it wasn't me, as I almost never lied, and my brother did it more frequently in spite my brother denieing it my mother gave him a few slaps.
Climbing a mountain, I got stuck and realized I could get neither fallen in love with me. I felt responsible for her sorrow.
efore an examination as a lover.  He reacted very violently and I felt guilty as I had made him so desperately unhappy.
he last time I felt it was when I was coming home late at night duties. Most of the time everything went fine, but sometimes she absolutely didn't want to obey; then I hit her (we frequently were hit by our father).
I felt a physical fear, if I can call it this way, today, in the bus where only that I had a disappointment from a friend and projected it on to him. He cried and I felt guilty after sometime.
I was hunting, and was lost in the fog in the mountains. because I wanted to go out with another guy.  I did go out and my boyfriend found out.
When, for example, my grandfather fell seriously ill. It was my friend had a different opinion. I could not answer his feelings this made him unhappy, and me feel guilty.
This feeling I sensed quite recently. It was arisen by the we own, and scraped the corner of the front panel on the back corner of my father's utility. I didn't tell anyone, I lied about the bump (later I had to confess).
When I almost ran over a small boy who suddenly was in front of failed.  I wished that I had helped him.
hen confronted and in my opinion hassled by the police he was not coming back.
After my car accident, when I woke up in a heap of stones. but I considered it only as an ""affair"". Only much later I realized
I was attacked, standing in a doorway, by a pack of 5 dogs, how painful this must have been for the girl.
I was to be given an audition to get a role. I had a competitress and I raise several objections. Often I can fix it in few moments.
A ""near-accident"" in a car, driving too fast on an icy road. someone almost got blamed for it, then it was discovered that it was me who had broken it.
One evening I was watching the news on TV. Again they were withdrawn from everyone because of mental deficiency.
While tramping on a narrow path two of us were confronted by a hospital for an eye operation.
After having watched a crime show on the TV, I was about to take instead of one in the Cafeteria and some of the girls were short of bread.
I broke my knee when I was skiing over ""Yastrebetz"" (a racing and we continued to study.
I was in the Korean War. We were attacked with mortars, me and have dinner with them at Christmas. However we decided to visit his parents. My mother was rather disappointed.
I felt fear once, when the car in which I travelled directed did not want to speak about it afterwards. My mother cried. I had a bad conscience and felt guilty.
My father has a chronic desease. In the autumn of 1983 he had a and this person went and told my friend.
an think of no time that I have felt fear I know that she loves me.
hen I broke my leg I felt fear home very late, I had told them I was going to a party but I went to another place.  They were very worried.
After seeing a terror movie at the cinema, I was so scared that I My mother came and saw the floor overflowed with water, slapped my brother in the face and told him to go to bed immediately.
I had to have my tonsils out. I had been making up my mind almost was very sad about this.
 fear before each exam places together, and sleeping together. At the time I had a boyfriend locally. The first time I had to face him after sleeping with the guy from Melbourne I felt very guilty.
 had a car accident myself than for the children - I  felt bad about it.
Late one night I was pursued by gipsies who had no good accused another person and he was rebuked and punished.
Fearing the use of power or reprimands when I belong to the me feel guilty.]
This was what I felt when my boyfriend went to Bourgas to study child. I felt overwhelmed by guilt as I was separating mother and child.
I feel fear when I only imagine I could lose confidence in my own This was disclosed later.
Fear when fulfilling my obligations on my first night fatigue work very hard for school. I don't agree that she constantly puts him to work, but I don't tell it to her, so nothing changes.
Earlier, I was afraid of speaking in front of a crowd of people. having sexual intercourse for the first time, and a few times after that. Also, when I went on the Pill.
 could have been killed by a falling object finish the work as the work did not have any meaning for me.  The whole thing made me feel guilty.
Fear from the unknown. I felt fear when I sat for the entrance grocery. When he asked me who stole the sweets I told him it was my brother who stole the sweets and he was scolded.
 am afraid if I'll finish the term and cooperation.
Students fear many things but we seem to fear the examinations I could have said in a more friendly way. After that I felt guilty.
I was walking on the pavement when a white car rolled on it and presence of my friends.
oesn't apply have been promoted to work in a very privileged section of the store. Their belief in my integrity makes me feel even guiltier.
I woke up in the middle of the night as I had jumped and shouted so tense (studied too hard for an examination).
hen I sit for examinations with me, rather bluntly four times.
It was not long ago when I and two of friends of mine got quite drunk morally shameful act and I felt sorry for that incident, but it was too late, however I did realize this.
There was a scene of shooting in front of my house, I was very forgotten about them.
alling off a cliff in the mountains ended up in a conflict with my two closest friends.
I felt fear when I fell down and broke my leg into pieces and I she was stealing from the room.
When I think of death - not my own but that of my parents, enormously.
I feel fear quite often but this feeling was very strong last him.
hen I whatched a horror film on a Friday 13th have the energy or the will.  When I saw his disappointment I was terribly guilty and read a story to him after all.
Motorcyclistic accident where for some minutes I didn't know if I completely forgot our appointment. I remembered it two hours too late when I went to visit her.
Practicing wind-surf my body was caught under the sail. On trying theoretical questions very well, but I failed the practical driving test. It was my fault because I had not enough practice.
It was some years ago when one evening some people came home and class.
hen my mother's heart nearly stopped putting on my shoes. She wrote me an apology letter and the message she included made me feel guilty.
ot applicable to myself herself.
When I was 7-8 years old, I woke up one night and found myself end decided to take some of my clothes and other belongings to the appartment in Guttenburg.  When I had finished I went to my ex-boyfriend's (relationship uncertain) home and stayed there till 5 A.M.  I had to leave then as my parents needed the car for work in the morning.  My parents do not like my boyfriend.
I was beaten up at a private New Year's party once, through no something although I could have helped him.
When I have to go in for an exam and the examinor is a person quarelled.
I experienced this feeling when the doctors found a nodule in one society and am privileged to have many opportunities.
 am afraid before an exam or colloquium I was not. I lost my temper and she is very upset now.
Motor failure on a boat outside Gottenburg when we were in heavy  because she always talks negatively about the same people whatever I do it doesn't help.
 felt it at the same time when I felt disgust relationship.
One evening a friend of mine was telling a fearful story, nobody although I had promised my parents to come home at midnight. From 3 a.m. I felt guilty towards my parents.
 felt fear when my mother was heavily ill even take some money from my parents and brother. She found out and yelled at me.
Few days ago I really experienced fear. It was connected with her on my back, she slipped and fell.
Walking at friday night through Nijmegen, going to a pub or a University.  I also wanted, to some extent, to protest against my parents' expectations.
 had worries about a certain illness actually I had no mind when we arrived at the cinema, it was a full house. I then went back and she went to the movie alone.
isappointment over a friend something, I unscrewed the door but unfortunately I was caught in the act.
I was visiting my parents in law when the house was invaded by with him while I had a close boyfriend.
hen I nearly caused a traffic accident with my car one liked the meal that day.
Fear overwhelmed me when right against the car I was in I saw because I thought I would miss him. I was constantly trying to persuade him.
Two years ago I saw a film on the TV. Even now it makes me to be admitted in hospital because of cardiac compliants. I knew that my moving was an important reason for this.
When I was ringing up a guy who was my teen idol, and was in man.
I felt something close to that when I saw that there was a man on back across the street. When I crossed back, the kitten followed me and was run over and killed by a car.
 was nearly knocked down while I was cycling where I was going ) I decided instead to go for a drive to the beach - on the way I got a puncture.
A letter from my boyfriend began in such a way that I thought he when nobody was present I could escape from the guilt.
I was at home alone, and heard noises on the roof, and doorknobs, few hours afterwards I found he was still free, went in and out of my room leaving the door open. My cat got in and killed my budgie - this happened to 3 budgies.
I woke up in the middle of the night of a nightmare, I was alone, started to tease  him and in this joke I hurt him without knowing the seriousness of it I went on. He got angry and gave it back to me. At this moment I felt anger at him but knowing that it was my fault.
Once as a child I dreamed of a fire. Since that time I hadn't desires, some 10yrs ago.
I was crossing the street together with some colleagues of mine always told my sister what she should buy. Instead of assisting my sister in defending herself against mother's interference, I just behaved aggressively towards my sister.
I was a bit frightened when it was found that there was something chemistry class. I pretended to be busy.
I was jogging in the forest, in the central park area, when I saw suggested her an application of money in a week ahead, but I informed her wrongly. The client arrived a week after and the application wasn't made and she lost with this a lot of time and money.
As a child (i.e. 5-7) hiking in reasonably rugged bush and me and others that he would do so.
When cleaning up a pile of junk under our house, a huge spider (a I wanted to stop but nobody came to help me. When I got off, all alone the seesaw fell down with a big smash. My niece got hurt above her eye. Now there is a scar.
When I stayed alone in a house in Great Brittain and there was a his car.  It was me who had left them there for everyone to see.
Slept in a chapel and in the middle of the night I realized that wanted to get engaged to me. I agreed but was guilt-conscious for disappointing the other one.
The only event I can remember is having a nightmare when I was with another car. Both cars were totalled; people were injured but not seriously.
In Sweden, a friend and I lived in an appartment owned by a Finn. telling my roommate I would get it done.
Going to a disco by myself to wait for some friends. We had any question, I doubted whether I would pass the exam  or not.
O NOT REMEMBER examination and I promised to give it back to her in two days time.  I was very busy at that time and forgot many things; as I was not very often at home she could not contact me.  When I started my revision I realized that her notebook had been on my desk for five days.  I contacted her immediately and gave it back to her.  Though she did not say anything I felt very guilty.
irst day at University (I didn't know what to expect) fighting.
Standing in a crowed shop or in a closed room with too much possibility to call him at this time, I did not do it until 3 p.m.
When I was reprimanded by the manager of the hotel where I insisted. We made love but he felt very badly and I felt guilty.
A man was yelling outside my window at 3.00 am, yelling threats, inside the house. I felt even more guilty since it was not my own house but the house of people I hardly knew.
When I was on holiday, walking back to where I was staying, at When we wanted to go I bumped a person, who dropped his glass beer I offered a new one but he didn't accept it.
When I was cycling past a parked car someone opened the door and needed it immediately.
One night I had to bike home all alone after a party. Then I allowed to lecture to consultants, I was too shy to argue against them.
I was in about Grade 7, I came home from school one day and was told were fixing the table for a birthday party and, as every child, she couldn't stay calm. She burst a balloon. When I told her to be quiet her father pinched her. I believe if I hadn't said anything this wouldn't have happened.
Once late at night (around midnight) a person asked me to give my father. I knew she didn't like that and I felt very sorry for that.
When I nearly drowned in icy water wearing ice skates.  It was ne you are even younger than they are so you should not be giving public lectures).
alking along with a dog barking at you and following you phone her for a while. At a certain moment I felt a little tension which became worse.
hen I thought the house was on fire at night didn't study.
Years ago, on my way to school by the forest path I came across guilty for I should have studied. I had the opportunities, and I drew them out.
When a good friend of mine behaved in a very cool manner to me neither was he home when I left for the campus.  I did not tell him about the accident and I will never tell him.
Car accident. Travelling as a passenger along narrow bitumen road commited a grave sin.
hen my son has a pain in his leg (for no apparent reason) felt guilty because I had caused this scene by my aggressive behavior.
In the traffic with a car, I nearly got crushed between a bus and in fear) if I had concentrated more on my work, which I hate.
I lived alone in a repulsive area in the city of Rotterdam. I was working.
hen I was bringing in the shopping and nearly stood on a snake himself like other children, neither verbally nor in writing.
When I left a carnaval ball at 4 o'clock a.m. I was alone in a boyfriend (with marriage accorded) met us together he did a great scandal, he broke the engagement and I began to go out with the other, and it didn't work because my mind was all mixed up.
alking in the dark by myself some pieces broke off when the plug dropped off my hands.
I lived in a student-house, where you shared the lavatory and and everything. It was mine but I took it all just to spite my roomies. We had a few (a lot) of disagreements. I felt guilt for moving out for the bad reasons.
I was seven years old and swimming outside the flags at the Gold Day), although I had previously promised to take part in the work.
hen armed robbers broke into our house at night the handle bar.
ertigo - standing on a ladder and painting the house didn't want her to stay in my house on the beach (as she always does), and wouldn't stick on me.
 dark night when I had to go to the outdoor lavatory wheel and I feel very guilty about what happened even though I suffered the worst injuries.
When I had gone for a boxing tournament which ended at 2 o'clock attitude towards him had been cold and indifferent.
When somebody broke into our home one night when my mother was me.
I was in form five at the boarding school and my friends and I restaurant and after having looked for a place for hours without finding one, and not being helped by the others we had to give up the idea.
hen I was nearly attackad by a man who had been chasing me all the wrong things.
During a football game I made an offence towards an acquaintance. friend relied on them.
A close relative of mine died in a serious car accident.  I was called up home to tell where I was. my mother hadn't slept the whole night.
A terrible cloud-burst started when we were camping in a tent on would do with a person.
Before one of my final exams of the third year - natural It was not me who had ordered some seasonal merchandise, but when much of it was left over and had to be thrown away in the Autumn, I felt partly responsible for the much too large order.
While watching TV (a war movie), I felt a strong fear of death, bacause with her it is a stress disease.
aving my luggage checked at Customs crying and upset.
n the way down a ski slope which was difficult and steep the real culprit of a damage was. After that I felt guilty and bad but it was too late.
 was sexually assaulted one night by a stranger period, a helping hand.  Whenever I think about it I feel guilty  for letting down the person who trusted me to give him a helping hand.
I was at the seaside and my brother disappeared for a couple of the family) in the oven and it got burnt and was uneatable.
When a man rang the doorbell and wanted to enter the house with and I am now with a new boyfriend.  My ex boyfriend looked depressed, and I know I am not to be blamed.
hen my father was very drunk and raging at home for the day, I feel guilty and try to make up for the lost time.
I wanted to get in contact with a girl I loved, but I was afraid with a woman, appparently his girlfriend.  I was walking on the other side of the street and thought that I was not supposed to interfere.  Later I heard that he had shot himself that evening.
Walking around the University at night by myself, having been me for everything.
Sitting alone in a quiet room, concetrating on things happening mother and when my behaviour had been influenced by other outward factors.
hen I was caught in an elevator and it got stuck between floors relative of mine in the sitting room, on the couch.  I failed to stop and get up, I carried on.
When I heard that there had been some women raped at uni, just exam.]
hen going out I am threatened regularly by two punk-girls fault, nevertheless I felt guilty.
A workmate and I had been antagonistic with each other for some During a class I saw two other classmates holding a key and talking secretly.  I do not know why I suspected them, also another classmate supported me.  He remembers that these people had only one key in the key-ring, this had seemed strange to him.  Besides another classmate said that he had seen them selling books at a book-shop and they should not have had such books.  I told the teacher and the person was caught.  He had sold the books and was forced to quit school.  I found that I had not helped him as he stole later on also.  I felt guilty
My 2 year old daughter disappeared in a moment of inattention; I My outside is iron but actually I'm wasting away.
I went to the apartment of my boyfriend and saw some people When the lecturer scolded me, I had this feeling.
hen my mother was angry with me over my friends and boyfriend mark-books. I hadn't been examined yet but I had heard from my classmates about the scolding they had got at home. My first mark was in geography - good 4. I judged I had known for more than that and I put down ""very good"" for fear of being scolded.
I was very startled when, at night at 2.00 am, a boy approached Naturally my parents guessed all about it. They rebuked me for what I had done.
I was about to begin a journey in a car with an acquaintance of haven't had time to see her.
I was testing my new roller skates in the street, suddenly a dog present together. However, now I had bought something together with my girlfriend and I forgot to ask my father.
 do not recall being scared in the near past happy.
I was driving very fast on a small road and I met an oncoming car of mine asked me to give him my lecture notes (I had very good notes and I had passed my exam in advance) but I still don't know why I didn't give them to him. That colleague failed and he was on the verge of not passing it at the supplementary examinations.
The weather is very bad (fog and slipperiness) the newcast him. I felt guilty for allowing my father to get away with his actions and for the hurt my friend felt. I cleared the matter up with my father a few weeks later.
When biking and I felt very bad (problems with heart and is a part of my feelings.
n the morning just before going to the dentist been teling her was false.
After going through a glass door, I sustained a number of serious problems.
I was going home by car late one night when it was cold, dark and soon called me at my job and the situation was embarrasing for me.
When going out in the weekend I have to bike 5 kilometers through left open.
My grandmother was about to die, and it had the effect that at only ones he had.
I was a passenger in a jumbo-jet which was accelerating down the wanted to go and sometimes didn't have to and later I felt guilty.
I had to call someone and make an appointment for a conversation. an argument. I was being stubborn and proud, and selfish, because my friend let me down, through no fault of her own.
efore giving a seminar to a rather large audience unexpected circumstances prevented me from doing that.
When my mother threatened me with thrushing me of the stairs, when with his girlfriend.  She finished with him.
omeone attacked me with a knife caught me.  Later I felt very bad, maybe I should have paid for my bad behaviour.
My friend and I planned to search for old documents and utensils lost his esteem and confidence in me. I caused him a lot of trouble.
When I went up the stairs in a high, dark house full of shadows, lecture, and wanted me to give him the exact address of the place.
A car came very close to hitting me whilst I was crossing the my sister out of my parents home.
I was walking home late at night from lectures and someone mother's presence.
I was raped once when I went through a dark alley at the back of unhappy.  He had not been able to keep his promise.  I thus was thinking about my own conduct towards another person.]
When at school, I threw a duster at another child and hit him in succeeded.  However a year later I got the bad habit again.  I felt  useless as I always found excuses to explain my behaviour.  As a result I felt guilty.
The same situation as with sadness. I was afraid about what my asking for money, though I had some money I did not give him anything.
I had been watching a TV-program on paranormal phenomena.  At although he would have liked to do it.  Afterwards I felt bad.
Taking a trip to crocokile country I fell out of the boat and was lecture notes. I couldn't go and I didn't send them, and so the girl missed a day for the preparation of her term exams.
When I was in a little fishing boat and we ran into hard weather later he stole it from my father.
When a good friend of me told me one evening that she didn't want The store then contacted my parents.
Stranded in the north of Fraser Island with a submerged 4 WD hire examination.
When I walk through streets late at night. This is because I and studied for any of them (like 1 or 2 days) I feel guilty that I hadn't studied and I got C's on all of them.
When one meets new people with whom one is forced to collaborate very hard to replace).
I was living in rooms in a very lonely, quiet neigbourhood. got in an easter egg.
I was walking to my car at night and thought that I was being holiday.
I was diving below the ice, in a cave, at a depth of 26 metres.  was an adult movie and I was scared that my parents would not allow me to see the movie.  However after coming home I felt very guilty at what I had done.
ear of sexual overtures from a close relative in the family her that someone had complained; this colleague came to me believing that I liked her.
I was within a hair's breadth of knocking down a drunkard who commitments. Someone else had to complete my job.
When I slept for the first time all alone in the house where I then I was taken to the police station and my parents had to come and get me.
My brother and I were driving to Brisbane when he drove back onto some reason, fails to do it.]
hen I saw a large spider crawling up the wall studying.
When a car ran into me. The moment that I felt on the street I in a position of trust.
My husband had gone to drive a strange, broken car.  At the me.
I was on my surf ski. Rather large waves to strong current had given me ground for that but it was a trifling in comparison with the way I insulted him. A moment later I felt a sense of guilt.
When I slipped on a glazed frost road and a car almost ran into over-excited and said angry words.
When my boyfriend was leaving to go home one night, I had a very guilty so I told them the truth and felt free.
I had an appointment with a good friend. He came 3 hours later not meet her because of a misunderstanding.
When I was cycling through the park late one night, two people nonacademic degree.
When I was 12 years old I frequently was pursued by others and really worthy to pass this fact over in silence, but I acted so, because I believed I was right. In fact it often happens to me to feel guilt, after I have already done the deed.
I was alone at home and I could hear odd noises coming from above your decision.
One night, when I got out from the University I saw two strange baseball ball - her counsellor rang me and after long talk convinced me the woman was o.k. I felt guilty for ringing the police then guilty for feeling guilty about it.
A late Saturday night I found myself locked in the central wish to meet me, I have however avoided her (turned down an invitation) as the crisis my partner is going through uses up all my empathy.
I was inside the car with my husband and we were assaulted with a have forgotten to bring something I have been asked for.
I was hitchhiking and was picked up by a stranger he drove into his head and started crying.  I was scared of having caused him permanent injury.
ear of thief better than me to go to the English lectures.
Before a hospital visit prior to a D&C under anasthesia for an yours and you are at the bottom of it.
Sleeping alone in a tent, while hearing several noises such as which I could use, she came in.  I felt guilty as she may have thought that I had been stealing.
n the dark an unreal figure formed by a shadow fulfilled it.
At the age of 12 years I always had to take care of my little about it as I had been to the cinema the day before also.  When she asked me where I had been, I lied.
Crossing a street of several ways the cars began to move and I my students.
I have a fobic anxiety for elevators. This anxiety is worst at  attend the class she took a few minutes later.á
One night I and my friends went to the cemetery. We stopped the kept forgetting about it.  When they asked me about it, I promised to do it immediately.  However, I got started only after a couple of months.  I felt that I had betrayed my friends.
 I was thinking about death. for surgery, I continued my studies as I could not get leave.
When my husband and I spent a night by ourselves in a house which having  gone to a disco without permission.
During labour when the foetal sounds became faint and there was a him out to ride his byke, because I am tired.
hen I was sitting in a car next to a man who was masturbating haven't done it.
I had been drinking with a pal and I later (1 o' clock) had a date  she had asked me to show her my answer sheet and I had not done it.  When the results came out, I thought that had I shown her my answer sheet she would have passed the exam.  I felt guilty as I had failed her.
When my cat ran under a car and came home wounded. He could position and authority over her as there did not seem to be any realistic possibility of continuing the relationship.
A four year girl ran away from her father straight in front of my had torn the stamps away) in good faith had been the first-day enveloppes which my father had collected as a young man.
When going for my driver's licence for the third time, because and so had been given a larger share of the sweets.
When I went out with my dog in a forest late at night when we said I had not passed my last exam.
Finding myself alone in a public toilet block with a man known to Afterwards, I felt guilty about my conduct.
When I entered the operation theatre and underwent a difficult better but I had not done it because of reluctance or carelessness.
I was on the Inter Rail in Naples alone. After an evening in a nor to my own expectations in one of the assignments.
n the scenic railway at the fairground mother - she didn't get enough housekeeping) and then I'd feel when we went to church as a family I'd felt awkward cos I felt I'm expected to go to communion and I would but I was afraid and guilty 'cos I committed a mortal sin.
When my father suffered with dizziness. He had to be mine.
I was afraid when my first boyfriend threatened to make an end to pleasant time and did not really take care of the child.  I do not care very much about children.
ugged while on holiday in the U.S.A superiors at the workplace made a formal reprimand.
Skiing down a very icy slope, very fast in white-out conditions. greatly hurt my mother though she didn't show it.
 was scared in the dark when I was a little boy But with a young couple there should not be a third person. I am to blame for not following the advise of the others, but it is not late still.
When I was very young and we moved as a family to Auckland from parents.   I regreted this as my nephew was only two years old and I  had to tolerate him !  The quarrel made my father think that his children  may not take care of him in the future (it was a slip of the tongue and  this made me realize that my father keeps his thoughts to himself).  I was  still very angry so I dropped my bowl and chopsticks and went to the kitchen  to drink tea and then ran to the other side of the house.
The same fact about the girl (22 years, married - guilt - amidophen.
I have been afraid several times. What marked me was that I  In return I did not talk to her for a few days, only later on I realized that what she had done had been for my good.
As a passenger in a vehicle travelling from the steep side of had applied for some course in an institute.  He asked me ""why
When I missed crashing, by a hair's breadth, into a man who came did not you tell me, I would also have applied.""  At that I felt
I imagined I heard footsteps up the hall while sleeping in bed guilty.
Once I was stopped by the police in Spain, when I had some read the scriptures and I did not pray.  I felt that I was getting further and further away from God.  I felt guilty as this was because of my laziness.
I feel afraid of the way a great friend looks at me, and also a Catholicism but then once received - o.k.
eld under water by a large wave and thought I was drowning happened many times.
A large german shepherd dog ran and barked at me (he didn't bite she had a breackdown and was hospitalized.
Afraid of getting alone without friends, without anybody. much.
When I was a child, one day, I was going home late at night and I crossing the street.  The car driving in the next lane did not stop and the child got hurt.  Had I not stopped ...
When I was curious about it and went to a spiritism session with a being useful as an individual to the society or the family, guilt at spending money on uncalled for activities - in short wasting my life.
anoeing across harbour in winds - 20 knots and rising seas speeding.
As a child, when I was at home alone, I felt in an indefinate group.
Almost crashing into the back of a car while driving along the of the semester at the University.
hen there is danger nearby find out and I had to tell her I had lied.
A gang of screaming and drunk youths ""captured"" a tram. justified is that when I was a child I had a brother very close to me. He  became ill, and asked me to see  him in the hospital. I didn't go, when his situation became worse in the U.I.T. (Unity of intensive therapy) I went and he died.
I went to see a movie and I went with a friend, it was really reason.  I was under the influence of drugs and when I am like that I get mad at anyone, however small the provocation.
I felt afraid when I smoked maryhuana for the first time in my father had brought another woman home while she was away.
I was walking home one night (after getting a bus to my town) I have frequent relationships but nothing special.
When I was looking for a job I felt a lot of fear but the fear family occasion that I should not have missed.
Thinking that I had been seen smoking at school by a teacher - for a long time.  My mother asked me to call her on her behalf and when I did so, my grandmother was delighted and she told me that she had been waiting for some news from us.
I was teaching someone to drive and when we were about to crash I day she served me more rice and mutton pieces than usual.  When I saw this I got very angry and scolded her, and refused to eat.  Later I felt guilty and asked her to excuse me.
When we could not land our plane and we knew that the fuel was I forgot to take the minutes.
ot included on questionnaire mother that I shall come back early. But then I get home a 5 or 6 a.m.
When I was six years old we were on holiday in France. There was (being Catholic) went against what I was brought up to believe in and had a sexual relationship with my boyfriend. Many months later, when I was doing some deeper self analysis I began to feel guilty and realized that I had gone against what I wanted for myself and my future.
When my relationship with my family is very poor I often fear girlfriend walked in. I really love my girlfriend so I felt guilty and sad. I know that this is a wierd example but the dream and the feeling was clear to me as if it had really happened.
My father was away from home and he did not come back when he was home.
ear to come and live in Nijmegen week (I am a student trainee teacher). Anyway the other teachers thought this was okay because the teacher I was supposed to observe was not well liked. The teacher was in fact really nice to me - but I wanted to get out of teaching a hard topic he had given me.
When I was to sit for my first entrance exam. I had fear of a and not studying much.
Just before I started my study I had to move, I was very afraid supposed to stay at home with my little sister who is 11.
I returned home late from a party last night and I felt afraid slipped my mind.  I felt guilty for having forgotten.
In college, I started a discussion with the teacher referring to ""parents-in-law"".
I had the window open and the door was shut so that the kitten personal relationship.
hen I got in jungle where there was a great number of snakes although it was finished already 3 months before. That person seriously discussed several things relating that issue. Then I felt very miserable because I had told lies.
When I had left my home, my father, under false pretences, got me bus depot after promising that I would keep it safe.
When I almost drowned myself in the municipal swimming pool that feel guilty because I know that he gives a different version of the truth and I have not corrected these mistakes, and he is aware that I know that they are wrong.
 was bitten by a dog to the receiver.
I felt fear when once I was asleep and dreamed that I was dying Christian meeting and I went to see my boyfriend instead.
One night at three o'clock I was followed by a cardriver, who but after I felt a guilty conscience because I hadn't thought about the consequences that this could have brought if I had gone farther.
When I got lost in New York city a late friday night with a between friends so as to bolster the impression one of them had of me !
hen I dreamed that I was being attacked by a friend though I had marked it as done.  By chance, I was asked to demonstrate this very part on the blackboard.
I had a dream about my fiancTe leaving me and making an end to her.
 was raped by a friend Sunday.  I had accepted it but later did not go for no specific   reason.  I just slept in my room.  The next day this friend called  me up and told me that he had been expecting me the day before and his wife had prepared a very good lunch for me, which had gone waste.  I felt very bad about this incident and it has been growing in my heart ever since.
eft alone in dark when young I had no time and that I would play with him the next day. However, the next day I said the same thing.
I was alone in a cottage I often stay in.  I was woken up by a life. He didn't succeed and returned depressed. I had not power to support his frustration and his behavioral change.
Once, late at night, I was biking home and overtook a man. He degraded due to their ill consequences, and then I feel guilty.
As a child I suffered of nightmares. Even since than, I have felt at the time I had to relay the information back to the person concerned, as I felt the situation volitile, did this without telling my lover, she felt like piggy in the middle, as she was not directly concerned. Maybe you could call it gossip I felt different after I had slept on it. If I had waited, thought, NOW I would not have done it.
very time I see a spider or a snake felt very nervous and moved her away and went out. As soon as the feeling of nervousness passed I was taken by an enormous feeling of guilt, for having rejected my daughter.
I was walking alone in the street late at night (2.30 am). It was just gotten an award that day in front of all these people and she asked me if I wanted her to send me the article in the temple newsletter to me. I said no very quickly and felt guilty for not being more interested and hurting her feelings.
When the relationship with my first girlfriend broke up and I is a bad man before she was married to him.
Attempted rape by 5 guys - held my arms behind my back and the use of another person.
I found myself involved in a fight in which a person died and I between a boy and girl soon to be married, in my flat after I moved in. After stating my celibacy to him which she overheard and didn't previously know about I suspect.
Before Uni started, I had to leave home and take up residence in life. I really dont know the reason.
very time I meet a certain dog that has once bitten me worried and this made me feel angry.
efore I had a tooth pulled out.  I was very upset and ill She was very seriously scolded.
At the dentist's, waiting for my turn to come. I told her that I thought she wasn't intelligent enough to cope with the radio.
On embarking on University life. I came from a different city and not tell them off and laughed with them.
Together with a little brother I biked on a lonely road in the someone elses in a minor way.
One night going downstairs, and hearing a strong stirring of was killed by the dogs.
My father was very angry with me, and I locked me up in the her.
When I was convinced that someonne had broken into my flat and I I haven't visited my older relatives for a while.
hen I come home late at night personality, and she felt hurt and depressed.
As a child - stepping on a rusty nail - being told that I might playing against another team.
My grandmother several times has been struck by cerebral because she was busy and moreover this work was to be done by a man. But it remained undone.
When I saw Russian roulette on TV. (obviously the movie ""Deer could have avoided.
ntroducing myself at a first tutorial this year at University something came up and I cancelled out on him.
I was walking in the wood at night with my boyfriend. Very (my notes too badly written)
Last Summer I was walking along the beach in a bikini and an enough time to read for it but I hadn't made use of it.
When in a car accident where car was total wipe off (wipe out, or friend. But over the feeling of guilt, my conviction of being right dominated.
Once sitting in the cinema, I became very anxious (watching a hurt the father like he did me regardless of the life we had created.
 Uncertainty about my own abilities in an exam. the girl's secondary school.
On a holiday in France I made a walk in the woods all alone and reaction was not as it should have been.
A rainy day, I was cycling downhill and a car door suddenly but as my parents did not know who was to blame, they punished my brother because I had no driving licence and they thought it impossible that had driven the car.
 grenade blew out next to me boyfriend and he was unsupportive - yet encouraged an abortion - I did.
I went to the ballet lessons with a little friend in the dark. On impracticable. The explanation I gave was accompanied by a sense of guilt.
I am thinking about death, the eternal of it, the unknown, the knowing if there was a supplementary examination session. When I came home with my exam unpassed I felt guilty before my parents when I remembered how much they had done for me.
A friend and I were going to have a study session together in a yield.
A man in a car was following me when I went running early one afraid of them to stop them.
efore the examn me) had claimed.
At age 10 my foster grandmother died, I had a fear of dying. warming relationship with. Although I knew I had done everything I could and that his progress of a ""normal"" life was poor I felt
I was driving and stopped at a stop light. I was planning to make guilty as if I could have done more.
 helped someone to do something and was found out of mine, but I forgot to cancel the agreement (a friend of mine took it) and I thereby caused the Salvation Army people some unnecessary work.
 confronted a bigger person than I and almost got into a fight studies. Why ? Because I felt guilty before my parents ! They believed in me though this event did not make them disbelieve me.
irst time in anatomy categorically promised her and I believed there wouldn't be any hindrance. It was partly for objective reasons but also because I couldn't organize myself.
Alone in the house (late 8pm) I heard noises. Sounded like someone good.]
atching a horror film plastic wastepaper basket. It had burnt out and my landlords made me a row that I might had set their flat on fire.
alking in the dark I saw something strange guidance from my parents.  I felt guilty of improper use of the chances provided to me.
Housesitting and hearing the alarm go off. I knew someone had to felt guilty before her.
During one year my mother almost had a nervous breakdown and my it was also my fault.
Suddenly found out that I was the lasr one to leave the anatomy later he died.
etting back my Psych 140 midterm disappointed.
 certain night during initiation to pay for them.
aw a classmate knocked down by a motorcycle studies in the first year because of unpassed exams.
 could not do the questions on my math midterm particularly because I had been harsh and spiteful when I had left home.  The reason was that I feared a possible discussion on the subject and I wanted to leave defiantly.
Staying alone in the room after midnight and reading horror touched or seen it but I carried on insisting that it was her.
When I was going to bring back my girlfriend to LA to meet my remember a physics test. I didn't study because my friends talked me out of it and we did something else boring. I felt so helpless just being there - then guilt set in because I was very close to getting an A in the class.
When I saw the movie ""Poltergist"". discussed and I had to be one better.
oing to take my driving test she scolded me for not having kept the house in order, so I decided not to talk to her.
alking about snakes left the morning after. I went to the kitchen pretending to prepare some tea and was caught by my fiancee pouring some rum down my throat.
In 1960,  I was going to a school which was near my village and I me that it was as if a part of her had been torn out of her.
When the doctor told me that there was something wrong with my overpriced.  I did not ask for the prices beforehand, and when the bill came I could not pay the bill.
inding out about people can go mad for social reasons at being a student when other people were not. Guilt about being a potential success in various areas of society. (So stupid this emotion)
I am afraid of my academic results as I will face several to concede a moment of the time I thought to be my own.
 relative died classes. My boyfriend felt awkward and left to talk to a friend but kept on looking at me as I talked.
efore the first examn messed up her belongings.
efore an important examn of the people of developed coutries like U.S.A, England, France, Germany etc.  Comparing this to the Indian people I felt guilty as they have no national spirit or self-discipline.
eing threatened by another person my lack of self-insight.
ot ill rest. Staff on your return query your ""sickness"" - it is easier
After my shoulder operation, I woke up in the hospital room in N.Z. to be sick, rather than confide other personal reasons etc.
aw a snake unexpectedly plain didn't get around to it.
eing alone in the room at night to tell them I have failed an exam.
omeone frightened me in the dark confidence my teacher had in me and thus discrediting him at a concert.
uddenly met someone in the biology building at night another one, and I felt guilty about it afterwards.
eard some ghost-like noise at night directly involved in it.
When I was watching a movie in which there was a pit full of after her death I felt very guilty and wished I had done more.
eing chased in the dark by someone I did not know state. I had arranged to gather some people together the day before he left to be with him and have a good time, but I didn't pay as much attention to him as I should have.
English papers are due on Friday. They are returned on Tuesday. cricket match.
alking out from the biology building person.
ear of doing well on a midterm quite involuntarily.
When there was a bomb threat in Tolman Hall. This was the first to be especially kind to me.
taying in a relative's house which was broken in before tome but after that I am sorry and I feel guilty.
I was driving on to a busy freeway during rush hour and it was favour and didn't.
Occured while preparing for a midterm in Social Welfare that I supposed to pay previously but I didn't. I said I would after I fixed the tire. After fixing the tire, the salesperson who helped me was gone so I walked out of the store without paying. I felt guilty so I went inside and paid for the tire.
I asked someone to bring some present to my father and found out  but I preferred going out for lunch with the accounts personnel rather than with him.
Before I moved away from home, I feared leaving. carrying got stolen.  It was done so swifty that I did not realize what had happened till much later.  A lot of money and the keys of the house were lost.  I was guilt ridden at my carelessness.  I felt terrible as I do not normally loose things and this was quite important, especially the keys.á
oing anatomy alone for the first time fetched the thermos to pour a cup of water for myself.  Then I saw my brother lowering his head and I, jokingly, poured the       water on his head.
While skiing in Squaw Valley, I was riding up a chair lift and always shared toys and sorrows. I made up idle stories to avoid telling them what happened to me.
Being involved in a car accident and having my thumb caught in was prevented. Nevertheless it would have been possible to go but I did not.
hinking about death when walking alone at night flight of stairs. I just watched her and saw how difficult it was for her to do it.
Two summers ago my best friend and I drove into unknown mountains was in town) to watch the stars in the sky.  My mother did not like this, in spite of it I went out for a while.  My mother got angry.
irst day back on the job felt guilty about having taken it.
eft alone in the biology building surrounded by empty buildings to be loaned out.
I needed a recommendation for something. I decided that the best person.  When I started living at the hostel we had little time to meet each other.  Whenever I went home she would take care of me.  I gradually realized that what she had done was for my own good.  So very time I saw her I felt guilty.
When  first came to CAL I went to a rally on Sproul and I later completely forgot. This morning she called me, she thought I felt ill.
eading a horror story alone wasn't very much, but I can remember when she found it gone I felt very guilty.
I feared that my dog's eye was infected too much. He had played against William Murray Secondary School and we were badly defeated.
natomy lesson and told we have to do it at night sometimes getting home one night. I left out some details and somehow, I felt I had lied to them.
I was on this amusement park ride at Marriots Great America. It later he came over to try and make friends with me  again and from the way he talked I felt that he was a very mean preson.
I was physically assaulted and sexually abused about a year ago. little brother because of a fit of rage.
etting ill bedroom.  According to our customs there comes a stage when a child stops using the parents bedroom and I was well past that age.
My apartment has had three robberies in the last month. The guy was a lot of noise. We shouted at him when he knocked at our door. We later saw that it was the Headmaster.
When my exboyfriend threw me around the dorms because I was there were boys playing (5 times). My boyfriend then is fed up and chagrined. In such case I think it is my fault.
I was to meet one of my friends (girl) at the library at 8:00 when asked about it later.
inding out that I made a stupid mistake in the examn friends who share the flat with me.
My mom called early in the morning (On a Monday) and I had just see me and I naver bothered to pay him a visit.  One day he asked me the reason behind this and I gave him a shirt.
earing a strange noise in the biology building always started crying so that he had to give in.
Upon reading a story on a serial killer by the name of Henry Lee too late and she had to wait a quarter of an hour.
inding out that a boy I do not like is in love with me birthday because of my work committments in another area.
One summer when I was camping with friends they devised and always looks forward to seeing me. However, often I am too busy to visit her, then I feel guilty.
When I was little I lost control of my bike and started to go good friend.  After a few hours I pretended that I had found it.
Finding out in your lecture that a doctor can make misdiagnoses negative feelings when he is not present. I feel the need to express those negative feelings. However, when I speak about him, I always think: Why do I like this, he does not deserve this, but still I do so.
A time when I was very afraid of something was when I broke my trip, and I did not turn up.
Walking through campus at night a squirrel jumped in front of supervisor did not like me.
 was alone and someone tried to break in from our back door when he got to know another girl and not even tried to conceal that from me. I drew my conclusions and left him - I also felt a bit guilty for what had happened.
hen I had to walk home in the dark for the first time not like her so I went to the wardrobe and set fire to her dresses.  Eveyone suspected my brother and he had to bear the consequences.  Nobody ever got to know that it was me who had done it.
taying alone in the biology building after the dark she believed me, because she believed I had never lied to her.
When I began school at UC. The pre-enrollment the classes, and Nathenje. Then later on I started to feel guilty and realised that I had done a wrong thing to him.
One day before Christmas, I went shopping with my brother and his always grumbled at her and said bad things about her to my mother. So my mother always scolded her.
y boat running into another boat upset and frustated.
after getting a fail notice for a math class, I realized I was homework.  The first time that I was punished and not allowed to leave school, I slipped out of school.
oing to CAL not knowing anyone playground, when a toddler ran in front of me I knocked him over and he hit his head quite hard and began crying.
My roommate refused to walk with me to the English lectures. I saw it was a brand new one. I felt very guilty then.
aking a chemistry midterm he gave me K20. Unfortunately I lost it.
Waiting for my girlfriend to come from her apt. to mine. She was I go around with her, but we did many more things.  In the end I was not very sincere to her.
 was afraid that I would fail an examination not do it.  She did it herself despite her being ill.  I felt very guilty.
alking in the dark and thinking about ghost stories tired.  Besides everyone at the meeting was a stranger to me and I did not want to make friends with them.  Whatever the reasons - I  felt guilty.
An hour before receiving the certificate results I was very waiting to be operated.  I forgot to ask her the date of the operation and just before finishing our conversation she gave me the date in passing.
The hero was chased by a terrible vampire in a suspense and put an end to our friendship, as from then on we started withdrawing from each other.  I liked her very much.
I was at home and we were sleeping when we heard some robbers was.
I was not prepared for the exam but I wanted to sleep the night perfect and completely overshadowing my girlfriend. Afterwards I realized that this image was not objective. I felt guilty against both girls.
I was afraid when I learnt that my father was seriously ill in cafeteria.
nce while crossing a road I was overcome with fear taken it earlier and I thought that I had returnrd it so when he asked me for it I stubbornly refused having it.  Later when I looked for it, I found it in my room.
When the robbers broke in, at night. enough care of her. She fell on the floor and her hands were hurt.
The day my parents were involved in a car accident and had to be friends suggested that we go and watch a blue film.  I was curious so I went along but I felt quite guilty later.
n inter-college basket-ball match and I preferred to travel alone.  I felt guilty because I wanted to go on my own.
I remember that my form 2 teacher was very fierce and dogmatic.  same table.
henever I think of enrolling in Organic Chemistry his clean clothes.
My friend and I had offended our classmate unintenionally.  We friend's girlfriend.
I was walking home from a place on southside and I live on lived there. We started writing, but I only wrote once. I felt ashamed because I probably was one of his sparse contacts with western Europe.
I was river rafting in Nev. and our boat tipped over and I was in my mouth I realized that the host was watching me.
ooking for the toilet in a dark place stay at home during the holidays.  I felt guilty, above all because of my brothers.
I felt fear when my friend and I broke into an abandoned military was (going).
I feared that I would not be able to hand in the book-report on teacher came to ask us as to who was making all the noise.  I did not own up so the  whole class was punished.
 was scared of water when I was a child badly.  At home, my mother took so long to ask me how things had  gone that I lost my temper.  I overreacted and made my mother cry. She still prepared lunch for me and did not scold me .  Suddenly, I thought that it was my fault and I started crying.  
When I got the midterm exam results, the results were below attend the Sunday service, instead I went out to the town with a friend.
When I dreamt that my family was in trouble and was facing many in a certain quick the ball went on uncontrolled putting down a bird-cage, killing it.
 While approaching to test the situation. it appeared that the person had looked forward to it and reserved time for it.
This last August when my parents dropped me off and moved me into floor of the car and drove into the guide-rail. I thought that I should not have done that and felt guilty.
When I was at a boarding school at Lusaka, the Rhodesian I ran to her and tried to make her breath, but it was too late.
In 1977 when my friend was caught by a crocodile.  We were some people because he was found raping the wife of the village headman.
The exam was drawing near and I wanted to prepare for it.  But I studying. I also knew it was very imprtant to succeed the exam this time.
When I learnt that the girl I had impregnated was in hospital and putting it off.  When I finally made it, I did not see her for days only to be told one day that she had collapsed and died.  I felt quite guilty as she had jokingly said that I might not do what she had requested me to do.
When burglars with guns forced themselves into my house and would not report for work as I was not feeling well and that the   doctor had refused to give me sick leave.  My intention was actually to go out of Lusaka for a week-end.  I left the same day and the following morning my boss found me in Mongu.  I felt guilty when asked to explain things on my return.
During the first year in university I had bad results in both Christian.  I had read in the bible that it was wrong to make love to someone one is not married to.
hhen the front tyre of the car burst high temperature and she ended up being admitted in hospital.
 am scared when I stroll alone on the Chung Chi college campus time for the housekeeping. Then my friend has to do everything.
I was working at a certain place and everyday after work dad do lumber puncture to obtain Celebral Spinal fluid for diagnostic purposes. Since the condition was already bad, the child died as soon as I finished the procedure.
Last night, I dreamt that things that looked like monsters were fiancee.  I felt guilty despite the fact that I felt nothing for my ex-boyfriend.
When thieves broke into my house at night and held my wife and me through a puddle of water.
The time I drove my uncle's car, without having asked for his problem.
The day I was nearly stabbed to death by ruffians who wanted to instrument.  One Saturday morning my mother asked me to go with        her for the registration.  I did not want to go  so I said that there might be many bad people at the club.  As a resullt my sister was scolded by my mother.
Whenever I am alone in a dark room, walk alone on the street, remembered this just before I had to go to sleep. I felt guilt because at the beginning of the year I planned to succeed.
When my neighbour's life was threatened by someone who was trying not know what to do with it. My friend was very sad about that and I felt guilty.
When I went home and there was nobody, I waited till 2 A.M and      shouldn't have overeaten as I'm putting on too much weight.
One evening when my sisters, brothers and I were watching T.V my him in the eye with a wooden bar.  I felt guilty and feared that he would be blind, fortunately he recovered after 15 days.
When I witnessed a bus accident in which a bus, full of passengers, When I went home he was at work.
I was camping in an old broken hut which had no lights.  I had a hot pan in it.
I got a very nasty electrical shock when I was tampering with else.
hen I thought that I had failed the examination bottle in a certain bottle store in Zomba.
Once I was caught by thugs aged between 20-35, they asked me to the school grounds when I was at the secondary school.  We were caught by the headmaster.
One day when I was a little boy, my friends asked me to play not agree to it.
When I received the higher level exam results, I mistook the tell my parents that I would come back late.  I thought of phoning but in the end I did not.  When I arrived home, my parents were very worried.
hen I was chased by a big dog near my house communicate on time.
When my mother was seriously ill and had to be admitted to the least, reason or better motive.
Waiting for the results of the High level examination.  I was face was injured by the  pieces of glass.  It was not serious but I felt guilty and blamed myself for being too careless and vigorous in my game.
While drinking a soft drink, I had the impression of swallowing   is feelings of having done or said something which then had negative consequences.]
hen my father was involved in an accident for a presentation I had to give on Wednesday the next week.
My best frieend left school recently.  The next day the weather think that I should have been able to have accomplished something during that time.
When I was first exposed to the dead bodies, for dissecting        while we agreed on him doing this. My being angry was proved to be without reason and I felt guilty about it.
Tutorial again !  A fearful feeling came to me when I sat on the stole from him.
Once I woke up in the middle of the night and felt frightened as meant.   When I got to know the meaning, I felt guilty as it was a clear and unfair insult.
When I was going home for my holiday, I almost drowned in the him.  He was very kind, good and understanding.  However it turned out that he had two of his cousins at his place.  He, however gave me everything I needed - even transport money.
hen I saw a horrible movie - Alien meantime my girl-friend must have come to my flat and found the door closed.
I was walking along the passage to my room (very near the anatomy would miss out on more information which I did not know, but I couldn't cope with going.
Once at midnight, I was working alone at office and the phone birth of his baby brother and I did not have any patience with him.
hen my sister was very ill and was admitted to the hospital way she talked and I compared her to an acquaintance of mine.  Later, the same evening, my sister looked sad.  I felt guilty about her sadness.
The first time that I saw a dead person.  This was when I started table.
Once while walking along a hill; I fell down out of carelessness morning they approached me and asked me the reason behind my bahaviour, I apologized for my unruly behaviour.
hen I was left alone at home one night by my brother felt that I was rejecting her. She is a constantly depressed person (a bit of a worry-wort) and I felt guilty about having given her this additonal problem.
hen I was walking along a road alone on my way to go shopping mother I did not admit that it was my fault.
When I was first taken to the dissection room where I found 10 dead irresponsibility and afterwards I felt guilty and that I had no right.
When I had to talk to some strangers, from whom I was expecting a to my father while heavily drunk and I talked nonsense like in some sort of carefree.
When I was about to be bitten by my friend's dog, later on it bit fun. One of my friends confessed to her parents and my parents, I guess, knew or suspected I was involved but I said I knew nothing about it.
A friend gave me a lift and we met a road-block.  He tried  to something he had given me when I was with another guy. I was unaware of my actions really, as I had not considered the fact that he had given it to me, and might see me. I still respected his opinions of me.
When I lost a wallet while travelling, since it belonged to the promise.
After the interview for admission to the university and before (they are divorced).
hen going to the exam spent most of my time was pregnant.
When our school was raided by the pupils of the boys secondary although she had asked me to do so.
One night we were having a barbecue on the beach and I needed to accept in his life to make our marriage work.  I felt that it was directed at me as it was me who had demanded the changes.  We were with a marriage counsellor then.
During the last academic year i.e 1983/1984 just before the would ask me irrelevant quetions about my past.
One day a fierce looking man came to our house  and said that my study for Anatomy class on Monday.
The first day that I was close to a dead body, in my third year intransigently, even cruelly, wishing to morally hurt the ""person""
When mother was very ill, I feared that she would die. opposed to me.
Once, before I had learnt to swim, I stepped on a slippery slope had not received it yet, I asked my father to buy it for me. Later I heard that my uncle had wanted to offer me the bicycle on my birthday two weeks later.
We were driving on a very dusty road at night and the driver of soap and gave to one of them pretending that it was a sweet. I thought the child would realise that it was not. Unfortunately he did not and he put it in his mouth.
When I took the first year university exams and made a lot of caused her an injury which took a long time to heal.
My 80 year old grandfather underwent three successive operations misunderstood the time).
I was so sick that my relatives thought that I was bewitched.  I carelessly and it broke.
hen I forgot the lines of the play during an orientation camp not care for what he did because he was teasing me.
hen I went to my first dental appointment classes and I was caught.
When I entered the dissecting room for the anatomy class and saw boy-friend. But I needed warmth which was given by a male member of the orchestra. My feelings towards him were not very deep, but his feelings were. I felt guilty when he said ""I am not a
The day before the university results came out I was both excited radiator"".
When I entered the dissection room for the first time and was her just to go to bed with her.
When the time came for me to see dead bodies and to operate on were waiting, not so much angrgy as disappointed.
an into a parking car on a bicycle had thrown away some clothes and food.
Fear of the turn that the examination paper would take as I she died.
When my mother met with a serious accident and there was danger it, and I was caught red handed.
When I was a kid, I always opened the door to greet my father floor. When she still refused after I had asked her for the fourth time, we began to quarrel. At last the whole family was involved in this quarrel and trouble was brewing.
When I heard that my father had found a letter from my boyfriend wrong.
When I came to know that my exams were on two successive days and looked after my younger (and only) sister better, with respect to her education and life experiences.
hen I was going to take the practical exams REMARK - SUBJECT MAY NOT HAVE TAKEN THE EXERCISE VERY SERIOUSLY.
I was in the house at night and I heard a hyena crying outside. paying her much attention.  One side of her face got bruised.
My brother lost his temper and started smashing things in the relationship.  I knew that I was important to him but I wanted to be free.  I saw that this was difficult for him but I remained firm and did not change my mind.
hen a thief entered the house in which I was sleeping road, and I had transgressed (together with the ""wild"" kids from
While I was pushing a court roller out of a ditch, I slipped and across the street) by riding my scooter down a steep hill near our house. My mother sent the boy next door to collect me, and I was severely scolded.
I was playing with friends then I decided to splash some sand bad.
I broke a window of a neighbouring house and I feared my mother's noise in class.
It was the time when I was in no position to secure a Ist class realized this after I had left the shop and was on the bus-stop - and I then needed the money.
I felt the above condition when I took my brother's bicycle to a plane ?) which I boarded when coming from home lost his 10t which in fact fell into my pocket unknowingly.
When I dream of anything terrifying I used to have fear for the with other people.  My friends did not arrive and the people who were with me began to get tired.  My friends were one hour late.
I was living with my brother and one day he went away on business to join an athletic meet.  However the shoes were a little big and had a few flaws.  She muttered all the way and blamed me for having wasted her money anf I felt guilty.
I was afraid when my mother left me alone to live in our house a cut on the cheeks which resulted in suturing.
I was moving in the graveyard at 6.00 pm one day and was griped had been pregnant and had an abortion - I was the father.
In March I was busy studying during the night I could only sleep of them and that may have influenced him to argue.
When I saw a dead body in the mortuary I became afraid and I was impossible to continue discussing.
I felt so afraid when dad fell ill, he had never suffered from started to quarrel and at least - to get the upper hand - I said that she was not as important to me as she might believe. Some time later I apologized for that.
 may not be clever enough to understand your English lectures friend.
hen I was treated improperly by someone mine.
efore an examn pick me up from work.
On May 20th I got a summon to appear in court on May 28th 1985 on asked them to leave the door open so that I could get in.  I actually woke up the whole family by calling them so late.  My mother could not go back to sleep, besides she had a conference   the next day and really needed to sleep.
I had a cousin whom I loved so much. Unfortunately she passed cupboard and a china doll.  We were scolded by my father for breaking the door but we did not tell him about the door.
My friend had been telling me about a certain bird which when it explanations.
I once felt that my last hour had come when I was unexpectedly found more important than caring for my relatives.  I feel very self-centered.
When I heard a rumour that the 1st year exam results were out. I location.
I was fearful when I realised that the relish was overcooked I was with one girl most of the time, while the other girls in the group wanted to be with me.  They stopped talking to the girl I was with.
When I was feeding a premature baby (7 months), the baby chocked. we were through just because I never felt like having one at that particular time.
taying in the room alone at night I said I would.
Sometime back I used to stay with my mum alone then time came about sex.
hen I did not get the compound which is known I failed as I had not studied.
I was sleeping alone in the house at night. A boy putting on a was in Form three, he was the only one who showed love to me.
I was on my way home when suddenly Gule Wamkulu came from the could not make it.  I rang up later to tell her that I could not come.
lmost had a bicycle accident quite unexpected for him and there was no particular reason for the break up, such as someone else.
I was asked to join my friend in a boat at Mangochi Lake Malawi her I realized that she had used me and I was made to look like a fool.
You may find out that I am stupid and not to let me do your pride would not let me admit it.
efore the examn much affection as I receive.
I was afraid when I met my Uncle because this time I was with my One night I saw a beggar whose muscles had been atrophyed.  I walked passed him thinking that he was feigning.  Later I realized that he had not been pretending and I had a feeling of guilt as I had not kept my promise.
I was very scared when I went to the examination hall for my M.Sc school and this time I took Father's money without him knowing it. I felt guilty and I returned the money.
I was very scared at the time of the Ty.B.Sc examination as I had for a long period.
I went to the prayer meeting at night and unfortunately the car afraid of his misunderstanding me and being hurt and angry at me.  I felt sorry over my conduct and thought that I had to find an opportunity to apologize.
The emotion came when I misbehaved at school and the Principal parents/friends about reasons for leaving, i.e. lying about the fact of having been excluded.
y friend started to misunderstand and hurt me them obey me, and this very often gives me  a feeling of guilt.  I wish there could be some other way of acting.
When it was found that I had gone out of the school premises my brother and I had gone to disconight which is a thing my brother didn't want to let her know. Later my brother was accused of spending a night out.
When the week for Exams came. I got afraid as to how I would family. After skiing we went to a restaurant for lunch. Suddenly my father said that he had forgotten something in the car. He gave me the key and asked me to go and get it. I had difficulties with the key which was already bent. I asked my mother to help me. When she tried to turn the key it broke. We had no second key. My mother was blamed for all that and I did not say a word.
My brother had bowel obstruction, having heard that he was going took my girlfriend home.  While driving back home, I felt that I had not handled the whole thing very well.
When I heard that there is teasing and bulling at Secondary responsible.  I never admitted it.
Sometime back, my boyfriend and I were having a walk nearby my vomitting for the past three days and we had not found the time to call a vet, finally when the vet came it was already too late.
One time I set up my journey at night going to a certain bar. On hall and a friend of mine caught me doing it.  He thus proved to me that I did in fact take the bread.
I and my cousin went to a filmshow at night. We went without examination marks are low.  Every time that he gives me his term results I am left with a sense of guilt.
When we were going to Nkhoma last Saturday the vehicle was moving her unintentionally - and she ran out of the room, crying.
It was last week on Saturday night when I was at Mchesi. I feared move and needed people to look after her.  Every week I left home to go back to school, I felt guilty.
I broke my Uncle's Radio player accidentally and so I feared that that I had broken.
One day I was busy day dreaming along the road and suddenly I it all the time and the child fell down and was hurt. I felt guilty.
hen I was called for an Interview at Kamuzu College of Nursing by boat I did not go to see them off (I am the chairman of the association).
Somebody told her friend that she would hit me wherever we would all the house work.  I felt guilty as I had not offered to help.
One time I was injured when I was playing football at School in entering his house after a change of wind direction. I lit the fire after originally checking that the wind would not blow the smoke in that direction.
We went fishing some 5 or 8 kilometers off the shore of Lake girl we were staying with.
I was with my boyfriend forgetting that I had left the house relationship on my side.
I was studying in class at night. I was in Form II by then. There hard enough.
I felt fear when one night my aunt and Uncle left me alone at personal weaknesses/faults, to the extent that the other person was made to feel terrible/defensive.
My father gave me money for school fees and I didn't pay school was late arriving home from uni, I didn't phone her as arranged at a certain time (she rang in the meantime).
As we were going to Area 10 a dog chased me. I was afraid it teacher's time and guidance.
When one of my relatives went out at night leaving me and my and as a result he ended being on a heavy punishment.
When I came home late one day. I was afraid I would be shouted at did not pay attention to him for a certain time and he was hurt while he was playing.
As I was in a ward one man died and I was instructed to watch the speak and then I began to shout at her.  She got angry and left, I did not try to prevent her from leaving.
hen I was told to attend an operation in theatre family first.
fraid of a dead body administration wanted K80 for the purchase of a mini-bus.  Two months later the school authorities wrote back to my father for the money.  I could not go back and ask him for the money again as he had already given it to me once.
At night when I was coming from Lingadzi Inn I heard a hyena guilt.  Therefore see answer for ""shame"".]
I was given a wristwatch by my first girl and after two days friend was charged for the delay in returning the book to the Library. I felt guilty when I realised I was responsible.
I was afraid to walk through the forest one day when I dropped cousin.  There was nothing wrong with it but the female was too old for me.
As I was taking venous blood from another patient I introduced brother was born.
When I had crossed Lilongwe forest I heard that there was a rabid with my fiancee and made cutting remarks which really hurt him.  Later I realized that my unfounded irritation had hurt the person I love most on earth.
I was afraid when my boyfriend came home because my parents of my continously scolding him.
hen my friend was involved in a car accident party I am afraid there will rest only a little money for the good purpose I feel guilty about this.
It was when I stepped on a python (snake) unknowingly while it semester, not knowing that she got a lot of bad grades.
I had fear when I was left alone at the bus depot at night. I had my capacity as the deputy head boy.  He had woken up late in the  morning for manual work.
Fear came towards the end of May when the P.T.S. results were out I called out loudly.
I was alone walking in a deserted part of the city and I had some wanted to leave we were not able to find one of these people. I had told his mother that we would leave at 4.30 p.m., actually it was planned for 3.30 p.m. Therefore there was a delay.
I was looking after my father's sheen in the forest. One day guardian who couldn't give him a bath. So I just left him like that but felt guilty until I went back to give him a bath.
At primary school I was accused by some boys of being in love handlebar.
When I stepped on a snake at home, it was dark but there was the other person. For this reason we even got into trouble.
I was walking alone along the place where people fear that there happened to deceive them over some trifling things.
One day during our clinical practices, we had a very ill patient. invalid's chair. I could help him but I didn't. I felt like being paralysed.
When two hyenas made crying noise on the window of my bedroom at collegue. I told her the wrong time - it was obviously my fault.
hen I was travelling at night that we had to take him to hospital.
After I was thrown out of a car in an accident, this resulted in place, this caused a lot of embarrassment for me.
When I was travelling home by bus and suddenly the bus hit and things and I regretted it when it was to late.
I had a very horrible dream one night, I dreamt that I had fallen that he was slightly injured.
I had gone to the hospital for my research and got late in song ""Those were the days"" that guilt feeling became stronger. 
When my brother had an epileptic attack and I was scared as to The lyrics described well - I was really wrong.  The wish that I had made was really bad. If she were with me I would really be happy and we would play happily together like the days in secondary school and she would not be disappointed and gloomy because of me.
eaten up by a classmate in school an end to our relationship.
I have done the teachers training course (B.Ed).  During our that he was so ill and therefore had not cared.
taying alone in a dark place had wanted to.
[ I have always been very scared and tense before an exam and few days later my mother noticed it and asked me about it, I told her that I had no idea.
While trying to board a train I missed the footsteps and fell entered the class room the stare of the teacher and my classmates made me feel guilty.
atching a horror film situation of one of the people present.  She was rather affected and uncomfortable.
I had fear of my father (parents) when I first became pregnant. I before they briefly separated.
When I was 20 years old, I fell severely ill and was bed-ridden for we created ourselves.
hen I decided to separate from my husband my help he would have finished much sooner, but I wasn't in the mood to help him.
etting ill funny at the time but later I felt lousy.  It was the same day that I had stolen some coins from my mother in the shop.
It so happened that while staying at anaunt's place I discovered very depressed and caused an accident.
lmost had a bicycle accident that it was not me who was responsible for the delay.  The boss was very annoyed and the driver was punished and a day's salary was taken away from him.
When for the first time I rode on a motorcycle with my brother.  university, to attend lectures, I had to leave the baby with his father.  I felt guilty.
I was in a garden one evening and I saw a snake coming towards to me.
efore an examn me that a cardriver solicited her.
I was sitting on an electric swing, suddenly the machine went to disturb us while we were having meals.
iagnosis that I have a stomache ulcer qualified doctor and later she found out that I was only a medical student at the preclinical level.
 No response. to put an end to our relationship. a long time before I told him that and also a long time after that I felt guilty, because I had hurt him so much.
hen I was coming back home alone at night relationship. When there are problems in my relationship, the flirting increases as does the feeling of guilt.
Finding out that my health condition may be against my attending place only to realise that it was his sister who was on the photograph.
Finding out the great difference between China and the West in another car. I caused considerable damage. The driver of the other car was very angry and I let him insult me because I felt guilty.
In the recent lightning storm, bolts of lightning were hitting appointed time and this led to various consequences.
While swimming, I hit my head at the bottom of the pool and cutting himself in pieces of tile.
efore the examn courage to give them my seat.  I closed my eyes to sleep and then opened my book to read.  In my heart I wanted to give them the seat.
 felt fear when I was young and left in my big house all alone parents.
 got caught shoplifting a package of gummy bears assurance due to insufficiet preparation.
y friend will find out that I am in love with her put on a kilo.
peaking in front of a large group of people sister were on holiday. I had not seen him for a long time and when I finally called him I realized that he had been very sad about that.
oing out alone in the dark and at supper time the food that I was supposed to have prepared was not there.
irst time in anatomy playing the game.
I overturned in a canoe a few years back and I didn't know how to that almost everyone in the group read the bible daily and I felt guilty in my heart.
That day I was alone at home after coming home from school.  I did mother-in-law is sometimes depressed and I do not have the time, the desire or the strength to help.
I'm afraid of not being able to go to the school I want because when I miss the last bus I know she will be concerned for me and stay awake till I arrive.
alking home in the dark from college Traditionally speaking, I was not supposed to, so I felt guilty of violating my traditions which I must hold in esteem.
hat I would do bad in a class and not get into Bus school and fell down. I was slightly hurt, the motorbike was slightly damaged.
hen my B.A results had not come fish as a fisherman had already put his net there.  We pulled out the net to find only crabs in it so we threw the net away.  The net was large and may have cost $1000.  The fisherman used the net to earn a living and we had had thrown it.
taying alone in the dark opportuinty as this man was abroad but he returned that night.
When I got to know that the friend I am closest to got engaged, off. There was a thick fog and snowfall. There was not enough room in the car for all of them and they asked me to go there once again. When I did not do that they had a way to make me feel guilty.
A few weeks back my daughter had very high fever and I was scared give it back. That person wrote me a letter asking me to give it back. I did so and I told him an idle story why I kept it for so long.
arth crake expectation, guilt for not being the type of person my patents wanted, guilt for just about bloody everything, just realising that I have failed drastically in my own eyes.
I was coming home from a relative's place and it was about transport problem, whereas the truth was that I had woken up late.  I thus cheated my boss.
On my second plane trip, we ran into unexpected turbulence. person who was doing likewise, about a non-present third person.
elling my parents that I did not well in an examn representative so I became the organizor.  However the picnic was postponed by one week and I had something else to do then. Initially I did not ponder on what to do and decided to go for the picnic.  When I had the time to think about it I thought that my decision was wrong.  My classmates thought that I would go as I had signed my name but I did not go.  I told another class representative that I was not going but he did not know the reason behind my not going.  After the picnic my classmates asked me why I had not gone to the picnic and everytime someone mentioned it I was apologetic.  I should have decided right in the begining that I would not go and then they would not see me as irresponsible i.e promising to go and changing my mind afterwards.
When I had to travel alone, unescorted for the first time.     It her friend wanted to go to a bay on an undangerous way. I wanted to arrive before them and went on a shorter, but more dangerous way. When I arrived, I found nobody there. I waited for a long time, but nobody came. On my way back I met my mother who had been searching for me desperatly. She did not scold me, but I saw how much she had worried (herself).
 I have not felt this emotion yet. friends of my partner appeared.  I did not know what to do and my partner felt uncomfortable.
I was scared when I realized that I might miss the train which I next to the driver. I declined, she took that seat and was killed there when the car crashed.
Waking up from a bad dream in a dark night with noone else but I was late. So she missed the opportunity to get a wellpayed holiday job.
I was then in the 10th standard and was going to my native place. some very cruel and sharp words.
One of my fellow students had bunked field work and in my attempt back was not right as I had given away some money to a friend thinking that she would not notice it.  However, my mother told me that the change was not correct.
amaged the tap in the residental Hall exam, asked me a few questions and I did not show him the answers,  though I knew them.á
A few weeks back I had a very important seminar and I had the refrigerator, intending to replace it later that day. But it was found missing before I could do anything - no one owned up to its disappearance.
Lost my purse, the money in the purse belonged to my parents. pit-latrine that the little girl fainted.
When I was in my village one of my enemies had written a very late.  Next morning I had was very sleepy so I continued sleeping even though I had work to do and I missed the Sunday service.
At the age of 16 I had gone to see a film in a nearby village, who, especially for me, went to Paris and gave me food, while I didn't have any more money.
ould not find my way out in the college building at night dying.
 Never experienced. that there were things I had not thought about, thus hurting others.]
I received a letter from my college telling me that I would not school who asked me what I was doing.
efore examination silly and stupid, (in front of other people) she looked so defenceless & hurt & told them that I'm always doing that.
My illness a few years back.  I was sevely down with malaria and outwardly. Therefore I danced with another man and raised certain hopes in him. After a while I had to explain to him the circumstances
alking on a dark street with noone around because she was so busy. And I realized that he was right.
When I did not get admission in M.Sc after my B.Sc, I felt really intended to do so.  She cried a lot and later she fell ill and I felt responsible for her illness.
Once I was very frightened at night as I had a very fearful and on the road.  He could have been injured or ill.  I kept 20 metres away and did not go to help him.
ighting with class mates in Highschool there was no reason for that.
When I walked to church with my roommate, a bum told us to call Once I became so angry that I slapped her in the face. She cried and shouted so that my mother came in and scolded me.
efore the declaration of the S.S.C results examination.
I felt afraid just before receiving the question paper of the cooking.  Unfortunately the kid fell off the bed, I was confident that she would not fall and had not been paying much attention.
 Never. that occurred at the building site I had designed.
I experienced fear when I was not prepared for the final year very sad about this.
inding out that I am not an as able student as I thought transfusion for him, so I felt guilty, because I thought that may be I was slow.
hen I almost walked on a snake reason.  I used a pole to beat him and nearly broke his arm.  He recovered after a treatment which lasted several months.  After this our relationship was worse and he would not listen to me.
 No response. mine was in.
istening to horrot stories at night a rude and immoral teacher.  I sneaked out and told the headmaster about it and so the plan was foiled.
When I was working in Delhi, I had gone alone to see the hostel kept her company.
acing a mad dog it due to transport troubles.
Once when I was walking alone at mid-night, I happened to put my misunderstood and I wrote back a very harsh letter to her.  On realizing the blunder I had made, I felt like hiding my face in the sand.
eft alone in the dining hall at night told him so and he reacted angrily.  I felt guilty at not having realized it before and at having hurt him.
alking alone in the dark in a strange street gound because of making noise in class. I was in the group of noise-makers but I denied having done any noise.
Just arrived in the university, not knowing anybody. I thought about it, I realized that it was an erroneous decision.
eft alone in the dark in a big building they had to send me money.
 I do not recall one here either. both the girls confronted me .  The fact was that my parents were around and I felt guilty answering some of the questions.
Fear is an emotion that I experience very often.  Naturally this to give to a friend. (Also in the time I wasted I had done some things I did not consider morally right).
oing to the examn not well prepared she had been telling.  I was later called to explain my behaviour.
This was when I was being followed home every day from the campus, hours. The badness was I didn't ask for permission to go out and I was guilty-conscious.
When I had gone to a school picnic and was left behind in the for a few days to my boyfriend in Germany.
etting lost in a strange place money last term.
As a child, one evening I had read a novel about ghosts and I had want to do the work.
One day, early morning my mother who is healthy fell ill.  There commonly not accepted, and making the child cry.
When my son fell off the cot at the age of 5 months, I became something that belonged to him.
hen I was told that the form five results were out the child away from the fire.
A boy phoned me at night and wanted to talk to me for 30 minutes father threatened my young brother and he was beaten. He was innocent and I felt guilty.
hen a thunder belt hit the roof top of the building I was in sometimes took lollies out of the stand and Dad caught me one day.
I found a problem in homework which would not get solved although was 3.30.
I felt very frightened when a robber broke into our house and the career I had started, and it was too late to cancel my registration.
On Christmas eve,1984, I had just finished the exams and was it.
Birds had made nests in our thatched roof and they were flying I felt as if I didn't give the appropriate care to the patient.
hen I met an elephant in the bush had laughed, and she punished the entire class by making them stay behind for one hour.
I did not do well in one of the subjects last term.   I was hit his head.
I was sleeping when I heard the neighbours screaming, I peeped permission and I was found guilty.
At noon one Sunday I received a phone call telling me that my without my parents knowledge and I only came home at 2300 hours.
When I was young I got lost on the street and the police found me to be good and faithful but he ended up neglecting her and not bothering about her.
When thieves broke into our neighbour's house and later we heard of them was epileptic so he drowned into the water. I felt guilty because it was me who took them there.
My father had been involved in a car accident two years ago.  I charge of impregnanting a young lady, I felt guilty for she had some letters which I used to write her as an exhibit in court.
When I first came to the UNZA I did not know the kind of people I He discovered that we were given K150 per year for books.
One camping night, I listened to the ghost stories told by my friend and I didn't mention it to her until after a fortnight.
I was caught doing something I was not supposed to do.  I did best friend. When the relation with this boy finished she behaved very easy-going towards me. I felt guilty then.
hen I was walking around all alone at night girl. Without asking whose clothes they were I started tearing them only to realise that they were his sister's and so I felt guilty.
My parents were out and I was the eldest at home.  At midnight a them that I have to study. The truth is that I listened to sports on the radio.
fter having taken an exam i feared having failed it from the outset I knew it was important that I do it, but when it came to it, I let them down.
When my little sister was sick at home and I thought that she have been because we did not respect the lecturer. Finaly, the lecturer could not tolerate it and he scolded us angrily and pointed out our misbehaviour.
My uncle was taken to the UTC for an operation as he had cancer.  the pot. It was fresh fish which was very appetising.
I went home late one evening and saw that the security lights the point of feeling sick, especially as I am fat.
When I was confronted by a policeman one night around 11 o'clock. somebody had treated him injustly. As we had an argument, it was impossible for me to help him.
I had gone for a medical check-up at the U.T.H and failed to make year twice.
When I came back from work one day, the friends of my son told me him, but at last I did not without having informed him.
After listening to ghost stories with my classmates I had to back I didn't write her for several months and now I feel guilty.
After seeing a horror film - Omen.  I could not sleep at night  books from my room and I demanded money from him.  When he found out the truth I was in trouble.
It was a week before the higher level results were announced.  I to make others feel unhappy  or hurt the self-esteem / self-confidence  of others, especially if they happen to be friends or family members.]
I was a passenger in a vehicle when suddenly another vehicle came the pot.
Once, when I was ten, I could not remember why my mother was so implicated.  It resulted in a proper row.
Two guys were fighting murderously and I feared that one of them until it was too late.  There were two days to go and I still had not done much.
One year, when I went to a camp, I was chased by a dog.  I tried know why.
When my neighbour's house was broken into and shots could be pass in their presence.
When I was an exploration with my friends and almost got lost in home after going out, so I stayed away longer, knowing that my mother would be worried.
I was on a trip to Phillipines during Summer and I was staying in ask my way and I struck a parked car.
hen I had to walk along a dark road alone was slightly injured and cried vociferously.
We were driving at night and I realized that a car was following with his wife.
When I saw an accident, a woman was run over and she died on the in another room, but soon it became quieter and it seemed that it would fall asleep. I went into the room where the baby was lying - and it started crying again.
When I took blood from a patient for alcohol estimation and because of harassment from a grade 7 boy I lied to mother about why I was home late.
At primary school the teacher caught me cheating during a Nijmegen where I study.
When I impregnated a certain girl, I thought that I would be thought that I would be found out.
When a drunkard barged into a room where my friend and I had run this hurt her and I felt guilty.
When we forced a friend to chew a poisonous herb in primary broken so I pretended I was very sick. My father came and he picked me up. He spent a lot of money on medical expenses which all proved to be negative.
 No response. cannot bear me being angry at him and that he can't study anymore then.
The day the results of the certificate exam came out.  I went to afterwards I thought that the exam would have been better had I answered more carefully.
I was walking through a thick forest and there was a big snake at organized it and the concert was unsuccessful.
When I was young I had gone to an old lift and played with the me with them in my bag.
At night when I was alone at home (all the family members usually end.
The day I encountered a queer mamba face to face in a chunk of himself very well; I should have taken his part.
I had a date with a boy, but I didn't feel liked, and didn't go, upper hand and I use it.  I often argue better and this makes her terribly angry.
When I secretly tried smoking for the first time, being 12 years Institute.
Once, my friend and I went to the Tai 60 to cycle.  My mother had which is part of my work.  Intense reading also brings me joy.  I also feel happy when I reminiscent about them.]
When I crashed by bike into an old lady crossing a road and holiday.  I had never been abroad before and neither had I taken a holiday for a long time.  When finally my parents agreed and we got the airplane tickets I was over joyed.
I slammed my little brother into a wall because he was bothering burden of the family was reduced.
When my boyfriend was away, I flirted with his best friend; I I had had to study very much, because I had been lucky and because - as a proof that it was really difficult - not everybody had passed the test.
When being illoyal (disloyal) to people close to me. Had such an successful in an interview for admittance for a medical Assistant training course. I was really happy and I enjoyed myself by dancing to music from the Radio cassette.
I was travelling in a bus from school going home for holiday. In from the realization of one's desires and aims.
I was very angry with a girlfriend for interferring a little too thought of which had oppressed me, were not on the date I had thought.
At the age of 12 (or so) I stole from a Ranger's fruit tree an arrived and I saw her descending and running up to me, I felt glad.
I took my grandmother's money without telling her and when asked first in the university for the M.A exams.  A few days before the official results were declared a clerk had brought the results unofficially.  So I had been expecting the results but the confirmation allowed me to legitimately feel happy at my success. 
ot handing in homework in time through a pane of glass and she looked at me.
I was using my sister's stereo while everyone was out. I know she friends of mine.
When I was about 17 years old and I stole some pens from a for.
When I was a child I used to play with my cousin gushing wather sister.]
Guilty when I hadn't walked my dog for quite a few days and had I did not know.  We exchange glances ; I think he likes me, and I like him too.  Perhaps he has fallen in love with me .........
I beat my young sister because she refused to wash plates. She exercise was singing scales. I did that very well and my teacher seemed satisfied.
I was supposed to fetch some friends at the bus stop, but I did rejoyced at my success.
ight with my mate after a quarrel the station.
I felt guilty when I thought that I was still not standing on my boyfriend.  My parents place was getting a little crowded with my growing bother wanting a room to himself.  I first felt doubt, then joy, but also sadness.  The feeling of joy was the strongest.
ot applicable to myself NH Competition and I was the first.
[ Never felt guilty, as I have never done anything which could informed about the mark, I saw that I had passed it.
I was to inform the neighbour on my left that a robber had been of all when we are at a party.
One day at school I had quarrelled with a school-mate, and light, which omitted perfect love. The physical experience became unimportant, I heard or saw the words ""overcome egotism"". The
inding out that I have misunderstood other people feeling of joy remained for month after that experience.
I told my pesent boyfriend that I was an Australian as are my worst.
I told my parents (or more realistically) would not do what they structure.
When my parents fight lots of time, when I'm the reason of the When the results were announced on the radio, I came second out of 80 students hence I felt joy.
A friend of mine trusted me to back her in a decision she had When I feel at peace with myself and also experience a close contact with people whom I regard greatly.]
When I unjustly accused a person of my family of something she spontaneous and lots of fun.
When I am in an environment or with a person much worse off than back to my parents. For my father it went without saying anything (normally he ofter grumbles at me).
O RESPONSE I had been classed for the Bulgarian Language and Literature National Olympiad.
 was late meeting someone for an appointment me flowers. I usually do not see her very often.
When I lied last week. I lied to someone to get info. for a you have striven to.
I was at school and afterwards went to work. After work I went to without my having asked for them.  She told me that when she saw the pair of shoes she felt like buying them for me.  I really liked the shoes and they made me feel that my mother cares for me.
I had been on friendship with a certain girl for sometime and the (with success).
Missing lectures and avoiding university work for no reason when from Eve's Weekly to inform me that I had won the first prize of the All India Essay competition.  I had won this prize when I was an under-graduate when even post graduates had participated.  I had been judged by eminent judges and political scientists.
In adolescence I had a very violent fight with my sister I hold year examination and was among the thirty students who would major in economics.
I felt guilty when I learnt that some of friends found the been selected to Robert Blake Secondary School for Form I. I was very happy for the selection. My parents and I were very happy and full of joy.
orgetting a close friend's birthday was really glad about having found such a suitable thing.
ot handing in homeworks in time Olympic.
When I was starting in romance with my husband, we went out to bosses that I had been selected to attend a course at the Lilongwe School for Health Scienced in Lilongwe.
I was caught stealing a box of matches in the supermarket and had months without seing each other.
After days or weekends where I did not accomplish the amount of said that the ear was completely all right.
When I was afraid to tell my sports teacher at secondary school from a good friend (from my home town).
When I had to lie to my boyfriend so that he wouldn't suspect I'd been awarded the junior research fellowship.
When I forgot to take out money for my mother. She asked me what out of the 100 pupils I was among the 4 who were successful. Family History showed that I had done better than all my brothers who had passed after repeating for several times.
Accidentally dropped a friends camera flash, so that it was student by our pricipal.  This is something which made me feel very happy.
When my parents work very hard and get tired - while I go to I did not spend the nitht with my girl-friend but in the students' hostel. I had not done that for months. The day when I had the examn, somebody knocked at my door at seven o'clock in the morning. My girl-friend who likes sleeping late, had come to be able to be with me.
I'm allergic to most foods - eating something that I'm allergic heard my name I had joy in my heart and I arranged for a trip to attend a wedding ceremony.
Facing the possibility of having a child when it wasn't either these boys and girls who were toppers, but when I first heard of me having topped I could not believe it.
A person misinterpreted what I had told her. I had told her that who studies in Vienna, came to see me spontaneously.
I had to take care of the plants of a friend of mine for several were special people to me.
Classes were over and I wanted to go home.  A friend of mine a B.A at UNZA.  I felt happy because I had not expected to be selected.
I had planned a trip to the South during Easter, together with a friend and my fiancT, I was happy because of their spiritual and moral help which gave me new power to struggle. I was happy then, I felt it in my soul.
[ Generally when I am shopping I feel like I were guilty of all conception of man and work were similar to mine.
During a ski tour with a friend, we two had drunk too much. When Because everything turned out different from my expectations. Although I passed the exam successfully I was accepted as a student only when I didn't expect it at all, namely at the beginning of September.
Guilt conscious struck me when I failed my Standard Two the life-saving dogs.
Describing to mother how a hole in the wall had appeared while I second year.
When I stared to much at a pastry that a woman was eating and at Spontaneously they invited me and integrated me within their group, although it was late in the evening.
houting at my parents because I was angry about something else time.
My grandmother wanted me to help her. I was driving a tractor stated emotion. Also when I am sucessful.]
 felt guilt when I betrayed the person whom I loved Conservatorie after I had applied a couple of years.
I got angry at my mother for something trivial.  We were in a of a competition.
 failed to complete a working task within the agreed time helping the people in the shop with the sales.
Stealing money from a milk token jar from a close friend of the strived hard during a period of financial, personal and physical stress.
eating my brother up us felt that we were right for each other in every way and we had no doubts about our compatibility right from the day we got engaged.
wo timing - going out with 2 guys at once (secretly) informed by a message and my parents congratulated me.
Having an affair with my good friend's best friend. And every time so I had to take an additional examination in French. The oral examination was not very hard for me - the more I was glad when I heard that I had passed it.
Boyfriend doing cleaning in situation where it was my job to do University course.
During class one day I walked out of the class.  The university subject was communicated to me by phone.
id not read reference when other people read them I realized my admittance to the University was almost certain.
I lost a conference because I hadn't got in touch with a certain in my Primary School Leaving Certificate Examination and was selected for Secondary School.
I forgot my mother's and sister's birthdays (they fall on the in the train from Amsterdam to Graz. Although I had considered her very sympathetic, we had seperated without changing our adresses.
hen I betrayed my former girlfriend joy in my heart.  The results came out after a long period of worry and anxiety, so it gave me endless relief and joy.
Remembering (at the time I did not feel guilt) in recent yrs. how I took with only one crutch to support me I felt so good. I enjoy being alive.
Yesterday I broke my sister's raio. She hears it always when she there was a big applause, I was overjoyed.
At my native place I was riding my cycle, which did not have of the students who had passed the interview of Nursing and was selected to start Nursing.
When I knew that my niece did a bad schoolar examination because passed all my written examinations.
When my father and I worked on the house just after he had whom I get along very well.
Doing something wrong at home, and then letting my (normally) and was selected to go for Secondary education.
I work at a commercial house from 7 to 10 a.m. On a very cold day separation.
I spent all weekend with a friend instead of studying for my joy and relief.  I had been haunted by the thesis during the whole of my studies.
A few lies that I had indulged in, a few years ago, while raising of flowers.
Once, when I arrived home very late, my parents had an argument her and at the same time she accepted my proposal.
 Never experienced. a long time (a good letter).
hen I robbed a loop in supermarket weeks.
orgot to turn up on prescribed day for jury service ideals and goals in life, and that we could share all our feelings and thoughts and felt that the world's not so bad when you have someone really close to share your life with.
hen I was involved in a car crash and of whom I think very highly. It was nice that although we see each other rarely he had not forgotten me.
Feeling helpless, not being able to accomplish what I really time, would come and see me.
When I made a mistake at work and when questioned about it responsible and worthwhile.
No ideal result in the University entrance examn, guilty to hamburgers. She described the evening out as her happiest night out in 20 years.
I borrowed a friend's books and forgot I had them, she asked for thought that I would fail and I found that I had a clear pass in all my courses.
ot handing in homeworks in time everything was allright. It was then for the first time that he surprised me with coffee and cake and a bunch of flowers.
When I slapped a nephew who did something that I considered had had almost the same problems and how she had finally overcome them.
When in the initial interview for the recruiting, I don't know why, unfriendly terms with her (my fault).  I cried with joy that evening.
hen I stole something for the end of the world.  Suddenly people began dancing wildly, inspired by the band.  An unbelievable experience : wonderful that even Finns sometimes flare up and forget to think ""what
Breaking the left hand indicator box by moving too close to others are thinking of me"".  It was delightful to dance to one's
I went to a friend's baptism as she became a Christian after me heart content.
romised to do something for other people and did not do it the way home.
I've always defended my sister when needed, at the expense of my the presence of my friends by giving me a present.
Borrowing a car, and then having a minor accident (breaking a anxious.  My friend called me and said, "" You have passed.""  My
hen I insulted an elderly person for no reason heart was full of joy.
I was not able to explain well to my good friend to make him less entrance college examination.
A young girl tried to put an end to her life because of lover's happy until a year or so ago.
While playing a ball game, I made a mistake and we lost the game. circumstances that I met him made me feel happy, and perhaps because it has been one of the good things that I learned with this friend.
When my aunt took her own life, I felt guity for not primary school.  The chances of him getting a place there was 1/10.  Two weeks later I was informed that he had been enrolled.
Someone asked me to do something and I made up an excuse and said around me which pleases me.
When I deny something to my sister and after a while I feel sorry hours. She was in a good mood.
hen I and the boy next door set fire to a house by accident to go to a Boarding secondary school.
A person I was attracted to walked me home in the rain and got education.
My cousin knocked on the door, looking for me to get her watch it had been a goal since I left the bank a year earlier.
leeping through crew practice one Monday morning Medical Assistant.
 No response. was not thinking about anything, I felt an overwhelming joy.
We had a day off from school. Instead of helping my mother with ""Knowledge"". There are 4 techniques of meditation that connect
The first time I went away with my boyfriend and lied about where you with the essence of the human being.
Arguing with my younger cousin.  She is rather a nuisance but I school congratulating me for my performance at the previous year's exam.
I mangled the side of my dad's van on a fence. I did not realize lectures again in English and everybody can come (not only English classes)
hen one lets friends dow classified in a national concourse of p... I felt happy and vanity about it.
When I got low marks in the final year B.Sc exams, I felt guilty him. When I see again another I miss.
hen I copy someone else's problem set from a good friend who told me that she was in London too and wanted to see me. I was very glad - after that call and especially when I saw her.
I dated another boy several times, when I was still ""going with"" invited me for a party.
When my sister had the opportunity to do some modelling work. And Institution to study as a Medical Assistant.
 forgot to lock the outside door at my Land Lady's place   She wrote me a letter as she is my girlfriend.  The content of the letter was so sweet that it made me feel very happy.á
elling white lies school leaving certificate exam.
Once while playing tennis with my classmate I lost a few tennis changes in my life, and I became happy.
I got into a bad fight in a bar and my friend received a bad cut thought this girl would never like me), this was an emotion of joy.
I felt guilty when I mislead a person into thinking he was a joyous because she stayed for two days after marriage before she had a child.
hen caught shop-lifting as for shame enter on University in Dallas, and was approved.
The day I decided to get out of my house I saw in my brother's Medical course at the Lilongwe School for Health Sciences.
I was said to be responsible for my mother getting ill and year. I was well settled with 3 friends. At the evening of 31 M., somebody, also with us, took from his purse pints of all colours, and the 4 of us, and other friends, that were at the same beach, painted each other and we went to the beach with champagne.
Two-timing - going out with person other than guy I was in application had been accepted.
When something went wrong for me I lashed out at someone else Polythecnic). I was very excited and I rejoiced due to one of our family members qualifying for University level at long last.
aid something I should not have said in public expecting it.
Telling a lie to wife over phone about what I had been working  In Luapula I was the youngest member of the team and I scored  the winning goal using my head.  I jumped up with joy and fell down.
Make a mistake, offended my friend. graduate from their courses.
When a patient had died soon after I had told the guardian to happy when I came to know about my marks at the M.Sc (part I) examination where I got 71.5%.  This was the highest marks I have ever scored in my life.
I live with my boyfriend, we have a close relationship, I fell in Training.
Some students have been calling lecturers nicknames and I was not Physiotherapy.
I had parked in a corner, and when I was going out I didn't watch first time I was introduced to her, I felt certain that something between us would materialize.
I felt very guilty when I tried to teach swimming to my younger ecstatic.
When I was taking the 11th standard exam, my friend who was sitting broken.
ot getting an airplane ticket fot my mother wanted more. When the first list came out I got frustrated. I wasn't in. When the second list came out without hopes I started to read the newspaper and my name was thre. I was in the bus and felt like crying so that everybody could hear me. The cry was hold, and 1982 became forever a mask in my life.
hen I took away my best friend's boyfriend at ther wedding.
I spend the night with my boyfriend, while there was also a with my boyfriend - not really talking but just feeling overwhelmed.
My girlfriend's results in school had become worse because I secondary school.
 said nasty things which I did not mean to a friend had waited a long time for this to occur.
When I was 4-5 years old my mother gave me some parts of a longed for.
I felt guilty when I read an advertisement for a job as a chemist but after two weeks I was really glad to see him again.
When I was a little girl about eight years old I broke the bey letters because he makes ortographic mistakes. I never had a good relation to him. He wrote me a letter in which he said that he loved me.
I chatted up with a girl who I didn't love. She however was school Library Assistant and also the leader of Catholic Students, so I felt very joyous.
I broke off with my partner as I wanted him as a friend and not Christ as his saviour and Lord.
Very often I take care for my little sister and oversee her astrologycal map with the explanations of a psychologist.
One day I shouted at my brother who didn't do any wrong to me 1979, I had great joy when I heard that I was successful in the Examination when the results were out.
When my boyfriend asked me to go out with him and I refused wanted, and I was recognized in my work.
ot being able to help my friend selected to Kamuzu College of Nursing.
roken a friend's cup it, for my fiancT and I had bought it yet in plans, and it seemed to us that this was almost impossible to happen.
I wanted to finish a relationship after 3 months. Unfortunately good, I forgot all the hard work that had been done before. There remained only an undescribable joy and a feeling of warmth, security etc.
I was driving my parents' car into a carpark in front of a shop the radio. When I heard my name that I had done well I just kept quiet. I was so happy that I couldn't even talk.
Did not pick up a water mellon skin, someone slipped on it. in the exams despite having fooled around a lot.
I felt guilty when I heard the results of my friend, who had getting a T.E. Score high enough for Physiotherapy. When I found that I had been accepted I was ecstatic, or more appropriately, could jump for joy.
When my ex-husband left our house, and the children cried because studying out of station and I get to see her only once a year.  Her arrival is always a joyous one.
It happened when I still went to school: I got closer to a girl me, I was very glad.
When my father (physically handicapped) asks me to do something ""11-months jubilee"", I had forgotten it. But he gave me a red
I broke a cup and put it back without telling anyone about it and rose.
A friend of mine said in a group that she felt lonely and studies. I tried to make him understand the importance of what he was going to do, not only of the difficulty to find a job but also because he will decrease his culture etc. This person made the test to the college entrance examination and to our great joy we found out that he succeded in entering at the University.
 felt guilty when I couldn't help a person admission to do research despite obstacles in the procedure of admission.
My mother accused me of not visiting her enough when she was in home hoping he would be there. We embraced - I enjoyed feeling his body.
hinking about other things in a lecture from the headmaster in standard 6 because I had passed, I became No 1 and he said I was one of the pupils who had good behaviour.
 experience feelings of guilt because I do not study enough much.
aving been angry and unpleasant towards my parents Moments of complete happiness and feelings of so much love.
I felt guilty the other day because I took two pieces of bread little kittens. Before she had them, she came up to me and I followed her out, then witnessed them being born.
When the student union leaders were expelled from the university 3's, 4's and 5's (7 is the highest mark awarded, 3 is a conceded pass).
 did not reply to my friend's letter in time they couldn't have been nicer. As soon as I walked in, Mum kissed me, then Dad, and thanked me for the birthday presents I'd left for him, including a very sentimental birthday card.
My parents appreciate very much me and my boyfriend coming and happy.
hen I answered to my mother with rudeness day dancing and eating sugarcanes from our garden.
One night I did not come home without telling my parents and I overseas.
queezed the puppy in the door exams. The day I heard the news was the day I celebrated my birthday.
When I told a person something that had happened to my friend, revealed that she was more enthusiastic about me than I had thought possible.
When I made love with a girl, which I don't really love. However junior national research fellowship.  It was a dream come true.
I was spending a few days at my aunt's place.  One night I got somebody. A friend invited me for dinner and I was very glad.
I allowed my little brother to clean the bathroom in his own way. to the Speech Therapy course at Uni, gave me a very good feelig of achievment and joy.
After a courtship of three months I made an end to it. The boy U.G.C exam this year (only four in Bombay succeeded).  My joy knew no bounds.
hen I beat up a stupid boy who was fond of cracking jokes on me undergone an operation which had been a matter of life or death. When he came home I could see him smile for the first time after may weeks.
When my Bictorian ""friend"" was staying at my house we ere going not seen for two years.
 No response. father took his purse and payed.
 did not do my homework and went to see a film chance we met an Italian couple - they gave us two tickets for the dress-rehearsal of ""Aida"". It was a different world for us
When I had sufficient amount of money, I brought more clothes for full of fascination. After the representation we ate a phantastic pizza in a restaurant near the ""Arena"".
During the military service, I lost a part of an equipment; I I had been selected to come to Lilongwe School for Health Sciences to take a training course as a Medical Assistat.
[ I can positively say that I have never done anything that made months ago.
When I decided my first marriage had ended, and left with the me go out alone for the first time.
When a mistake occurred at work which I was not responsible for.  very happy to see him and couldn't believe it was him with me.
When I see that my mother forces my little brother (15 years) to school leaving certificate because the delivering ceremony was extremely official.
When I felt I had let my parents down, especially my mother, by glad to see how much my family was pleased to see me.
entioning a book to the person who borrowed it life. I valorized very much this aspect. People showed me this possibility, not the real fact (even because until now ...)
I had not done my assignment seriously.  I only pretended to not consolidate before the holiday. Therefore it was a big surprise to get a carefully hand-made present from her. - Our relationship grew closer.
I felt guilty because I stole some sweets from my father's the end of the year my name was announced on the radio that I had passed. I was the happiest person.
When I did not concentrate on my studies despite my mother's help competition.  It gave me tremendous joy and satisfaction which lasted for several days.
I behaved in a nasty manner towards a friend, I said things which illness and worry) my lover came to see me, when I least expected to see him.
I once drank too much alcohol and became very ill. This was in the I judged very difficult.
I once stole a shirt from the Department Store in which I work. I research, I was very happy.  This is because my research was based on this type of reactions and compounds.
When I flew out to my mother and made rude remarks because I felt with a wonderful sea, with a wonderful boy.
 Can not think of anything. I was with the person I love for the first time.
When I realised that I had rejected a boy, who was fallen in love English lectures.
Two days after the above incident, I was thinking about my competition.
Too busy to write letters to friends and they said I had was ready to enter 2nd year because I felt I had failed as they were very hard.
Inventing a fictitious series of events, as a result of which I when I finished I knew I had passed it.
A friend wanted to give me a surprise into my room and I thought accepted for publication.
After a quarrel with my mother in which matters were ""inflated"" announced on radio. After a long period of waiting the results were released. I had succeded - tension was relieved by joy.
My friend did not do well in the examn because I did not help cracked jokes, I was very happy.  However, I felt that I may have  said something inappropriate which might cause them to have a bad  impression of me.
When my nephew asked me to tell him a story and I simply did not having finished my studies.
elling my parents that I did not get into a good university buy a rose for my mother.  We went together to a pub and my mother told me that she would be getting married next Spring.  I did not known about it and so was all the more glad.
My girlfriend and I agreed to go to the cinema. However I difficulties. I thought that although he promised to give me that present, he was not obliged to do so.
Some time ago I took the driving test. I did answer the we met again, we ran up to each other and embraced.
I am not good enough to join any team to play sport for the me.
When I insulted my young sister for a very little misconduct of home on Sunday afternoon he met my parents for the first time.
When I forced a close friend of mine to ask a girl things about the kindergarten and gives me a moist kiss on my cheek.
I was living at home during the Summer vacations and towards the M.C.E. exams and I was really happy and joyous because of the event.
When I tell someone no. In other words when I refuse to do nearly a year that we had separated, during the talk he began to remember our courting and gave me a long kiss.
Due to a misunderstanding on my part, two of my best friends boyfriend, etc. A specific sutuations, was when I started to date a boy whom I liked for a long time.
 When excuses are necessary and I get out of doing it myself. I am so happy that foreigners have the same feelings as Chinese.
O RESPONSE Christian.
Whenever I see poverty and starvation. I live in an affluent separation.
Heard that my girl-friend was chosen for the English lectures and our hopes and aspirations and in the open situation so generated, we had made strong frienships and experienced our own worth as well. 
My mother wants to talk very often about her life. I dislike this behind by 3 games. We won the last set 6-2 and won the match by a game.
About the girl (22 years, married) I felt guilty of the motorcycle through my own efforts.
I came home from a discotheque at half past four in the morning, in this parcel.
My mom told me not to gamble, but I did anyway. Sometimes I would and was selected for Secondary School.
My baby sister was 2-3 months old and when I was trying to get C.U.H.K admission) arrived.  It was in the afternoon and I had not been doing anything.  When the postman, with his big bag, knocked on the door I knew what it was about.  I hurriedly opened the envelope and my mood at that time is hard to describe.  It lasted several hours and only calmed down later.
ailed to do what I had promised didn't think about anything. When I touched him I imploded but I am whole.
Due to laziness, I failed the term studies completely at met him for a year and I was very glad that he had thought of me.
I had made an appointment with a girl to go to the movies, but was delighted.  It was wonderful to see familiar, dear people and I was rejoycing in advance.  I had been feeling very lonely.
The fridge we had at home had a lock.  One day when I wanted final match and became the world cricket champion.  West-Indies was the strongest of the eight countries which participated in the competition.
When my father had a serious fight with my sister, because of me. 9,000 people attended in all the three regions of Malawi. My joy came after hearing on the radio that I was one of the people selected to undergo the Medical Assistant training at the L.S.H.S.
I felt guilty when I once went out with another boy and made love Floyd, drinking good wine, with good company, the boat being steered by autopilot, and a full eclipse of the moon.
ot helping other people to do their homework teaching staff of one of the medical colleges.
I was to prepare relish for the family. I overcooked it and no and got to know many other people.
 called off a relationship with one girl so I could see another player brings me joy, e.g when India won the World cup cricket match.
ot collecting letters for my friend al I promised had not had time alone together for almost a month until one afternoon recently when we made love for hours and then showered and ate together.
That I didn't want my friend to leave on holiday for 10 days are from different socio-linguistic backgrounds our parents agreed to the wedding without any conflict or discussion.  We had  thought that they would object to the wedding but it did not happen.
I moved to Nijmegen for my study. Soon after this my mother had in an airplane on my way to Greece. I enjoyed that moment very much.
When my husband discovered I was having an affair with another of my professors called me before the convocation and told me ""You have got the gold-medal (first rank) in the university and
A kitten had wandered into our office, and I was told to take it tomorrow you will be on T.V"".
I took my father's car to church one Sunday (I told them that's after being refused for three times on grounds that she should first write her examination.
I broke the gutar of a colleague but as it happened in a moment time.
hen I did not go to work because I had to study for a midterm holidays were short and my home is far. Some times, mother came to see me at school, I was very joyful, and I didn't want her to go.
I let my pet budgie loose to fly around my room one afternoon. A impulsive kiss.
My brother and I were at home watching a TV program when I friend after not seeing her for two weeks.  We rejoyced, hugged and had a long talk.
Adolescent guilt growing up feeling ""bad, immoral"" sexual emotion.
 failed to show up at an agreed date because fer life is taking the right direction as she wants. So I feel joy for her mainly.
 kicked the chair in the classroom to express my anger fall in love with me. Fortunately I tried my luck and she accepted my proposal. At the same time she was giving me a lot of money which was just like a miracle to me.
I went shopping with my mother and sister (17 years old). Mother and his attitude made me glad.
About not helping my sister when she asked me to help her on her snowed heavily. I helped him - he was thankful and invited me.
rongly accused a classmate the apartment from GUARUSA, because in some way we were helded by it, that means that we didn't go to any other place, because we had the apartment.
Attending to a demand made by a client (I work in a bank) I my studies and had taken the M.SC exam.  I was not sure that I would be selected in the written exam.  When I saw my name in the selected candidates list I was overjoyed.
A friend of mine shot himself through the head after having told well and very happy for being able to express to myself something that was suffocating me.
In a playground I was playing at the seesaw with a little niece. presentation I'd given that I was very worried about.
A friend of mine had the sleeves of a leather coat stolen from with whom, suddenly an invitation appeared.
I used to have two boyfriends in the past. Then one of them come here at Kamuzu College of Nursing.
hen I was a kid I stole toys from other kids are able to pay for.
hen quarreling with friends something ""exhilarating"" about the change of scenery etc.
The night of a high school dance, I went partying and collided expected only a moderate mark.
In neglecting some work that had to be done around the house and examination was over and that I had passed it.
 No response. with milk and usually drunk warm) with my friend at College. We get on really well, don't withold any feelings about each other's friends and are pretty good at cheering each other up when we are homesick.
 friend came to visit me and I was not there first call. This emotion was accompanied by a great relief. It was the coronation of a year of sacrifice and extrene discipline.
I felt guilty when I ""stole"" the boyfriend of a friend of mine. police.
orgot to collect post for a friend envelope and my eyes ran into two ""B+"" - in EC110 and M160, this
When I finished a test type of exam and did not dare to answer meant that I had qualified for a major in economics.
I borrowed my classmate's notebook one week before the Education.
I hit my little sisiter on the head with a stone while we were start Form I in October 1980.
eeping form I.
I had to call somebody between 12 and 12:30. As I had no and everything went smoothly, just as I had wanted it to.  It was contrary to my previous feelings of uncertainty about her response.
When my ex-boyfriend didn't want to sleep with me anymore and I very young age, in a very remote area and had had very few problems.
 boy who shot dead a squirrel Kasungu town Hall.
After closing the front door I realized that I had left the key two examinations. As I had not studied very much, I resigned myself to be left behind. Nevertheless I succeeded in these examinations.
I was out with a friend in a place where it was very, very busy. place. She saw me and ran after me. I didn't know that she had come. I couldn't see her. She held my shoulders standing behind me.
I felt guilty when I had refused to lend money to my friend who Certificate Examinations.
elling friends about your nickname relationship from much union and interaction. It was more that one year that I didn't see her. She appeared in my home and we talked.
When some housemen told me a young girl like you should not be result despite the fact that I had repeated the procedure 4-5 times.  Then finally I got it right by a stroke of luck.
When my niece was 3 years old she was in the living room while we School Certificate - and received a mark that was beyond my wildest expectations.
My mother always took my side. That brought about quarrels with about it, I felt joy.
Calling lecturers nicknames when talking to housemen (They told the University.
ot being able to help my friend to study English whom I had known before I moved to a new district five years previously.
urt someone's feelings unintentionally interstate, had remembered when I'd get back and phoned to welcome me home on the night of my arrival.
I had a girlfriend which I used to call regularly. Then I didn't for our wedding.
Getting a D in a class last semester and knowing it was because I me a three day furlough.
When I didn't pass the examinations for FUVEST I felt myself telegram offering me a new one that I though better and for which I had been waiting.
I bumped my dad's car in a lamp post.  He was not at home then, Exams and I was selected to go to college.
When I was young I felt guilty because I thought that I had last time I slighty felt happy was when I passed my M.A with a high rank.  This was a few years ago when my friend told me about the result.
After a terrible quarrel with my family, I withdrew in my room. I she had a child she had a better relationship with them.
I thought that I could have avoided the above situation (the one and amusing sketch.
When I took a car which was not mine, and suddenly it stopped and a school of higher education which were compatible with my experience and potentiality.
I experience a sense of guilt as my middle son cannot express place.
When I met another person I began to go out with him, and my Last Christmas Eve he invited me to stay withhim and I was very glad about it. It was a fine evening.
I borrowed my friend's radio cassette and the plug cracked and sharing the gladness of being together at a birthday.
After moving out of my apt. I took all the furniture and dishes graduation course, however the situation was not very favourable for me and I was upset.  Suddenly, Bombay university offered me a seat and I landed up in Bombay for my post graduation studies.  This happened last year and was very pleasant for me.
 am not good enough for your experiment I am doing music of the International singer Sam Mangwana. I had no hope of going there since I had no money so he gave me the money for admission.
Having failed to help with the 5th of March arrangements (Women's competition was very stiff and there were many riders competing.
I ran over my dog with a bicycle when I was carrying him tied to discovered how many people considered me important to them.
hen I shout at a colleague in classroom pregnant and that I was responsible for the ""damages"".  This made
When I wished secretly and lied to a friend of mine because I me happy as I longed to have a child to call mine.
Car accident. I let a 16-year old, incompetent parson take the went to a veterinary with it. He told me how to tend it and it really recovered its health. Everybody said that I had saved its life.
 offended my mother points in front before the last relay. We won the relay, which I swam in, and thus my team won the championship.
When I promised a male friend of mine to visit him, and did not. were in a bad shape as it had not rained and there was no water in the well, so I was in a very sad mood.  I came to the conclusion that I would ignore the paddy field, just 12 hours after this it rained for one hour.  This was a very tense time and the rain brought me tremendous pleasure.
The death of my father made me feel quite guilty, because my win the Cup of England.
Not being able to spend more time with a friend who was visiting the presents.
 parking fine I realised how much God loves me and that my acceptance with him is not based on my performance - that he loves me unconditionally and showed that love in Christ who died because I do need forgiveness.
We had promised, with a friend of mine, to take our friends to a uncle is coming back fron Canada next week,"" my father told me
hen I could not complete my assignment on time and it was a happy moment.
After confronting the person who stood me up, I blew up and said Madrid.
I didn't give back in time some money that I had borrowed. My ball.
I got back too late after a Sunday going out without having a small note that overcame a lot of the differences that had arisen between us due to the circumstances in which she left the flat.
Decided at the last minute not to do something that I said I year.
ot acting on my promise picking up shells, laughing, chasing seagulls.
At my summer job, I was responsible for making various orders.  England.  She had not written to me in a very long time but it     showed that she still remembered me.
My mother developed hipertonia and I think I too am to blame at school and I was only in form II then.
After yelling at my girlfriend, I felt bad because she was ? draw.
 lost my self-control and raised my voice at a child stillbirth - gave birth to a perfectly healty boy.
Some time ago I slapped my son without trying to understand who period in which he felt very depressive.
 felt guilty when once I made my mother angry youth center with a few other volunteers.  I was the head of the organizors and we spent over a month planning it.  During this period we got to know and understood each other.  We discovered each others potential and we planned many interesting things for the carnival.  The day of the carnival everything was bright, the programmes went well and the attendants enjoyed it.  I felt extremely excited about it.
Once I was not able to give a relative, who was in a critical said that we would call each other when we got back to Sweden (we were not going to the same town in England).  As soon as I walked in he called from England as he could not wait till he came home.
It was my turn to cook dinner.  I forgot a dish (the favourite of long time.
I met my ex boyfriend by chance.  We separated a few months ago a few years ago.
ne of my pupils escaped from school to the street didn't appear to be the case, he even liked me.
 am not doing what I should with this questionnaire more about God and made up their minds to believe in Jesus.
When I do not put in the needed amount of hours of work or study me) who considers me as her child (she also has one child of her own). Last two years I lived with her (no relationship).
 felt guilty when I lied to my parents I felt more and more uncertain as the day came near.
A friend of mine was drunk and having an argument on the street scenary made me feel relaxed and every worry disappeared , thus the picnic was worthwhile.
ould not help a student who needs help scruples and to call a friend with whom I had fallen in love. I realized that my decision was right - and was very glad.
I offended a person who had done much for me and who had helped boyfriend and me, it is a reoccurring feeling.
When I shouted and quarrelled and for no reason I had been rude to my year in a foreign country.
When my uncle found me having sexual intercourse with a distant our favorite dancing.
romising to do a task for a friend and just forgetting about it having been sick for a week.
 ignored and offended my parents on the eve of the New Year abdomen and she was told that she could not have children. To our suprise she had a baby 2 months back.
ears ago I ran away from home which disappointed my parents overtime.
[ I felt guilt when I was not co-operative with my mother for my University in Driebergen.
A borrowed car broke down while I was using it.  It was not my university of Zambia.  This was after my form five at Chikola secondary school.
At secondary school, one of my classmates lost her locker key.  licence.
I feel this feeling most often before me not before the others. previously failed.
I had enough time to do my assignment, and I did not do it well.  went to his family. We had a very nice evening.
nsulting other people profession that I have desired ever since my childhood.
dultery with a friend's girlfriend game.
When I was in the fifth class the rating was done in our most important she also liked me.
My grandmother has been in a hospital for a week and I still cared for me.  This was when I needed her and I was overjoyed to learn that it was me who was delaying things.
 Whenever I do something prohibited or wrong I feel guilty. especially when we had not met for a long time.
It was my mother's birthday. My father and I used to buy a became reconciled.
Being miserable in a party when other people are friendly and at last be with the people I wanted to see.
I felt guilty last year during the winter term exams. A colleague adopted a child. I went to pick them up at the airport.
When I did not defend my close friend when my father degraded division.  I had been thinking that I had not done very well.
When I think about my family (parents, brothers, sisters) guilt feeling of happiness then.
When I lied to my mum, who later came to know that what I had money.  Although I did not give him anything, the fellow told me that I was really good-looking.  A man who was in front of me also turned to look at me.
When my aunt went out of her way to help me out with my financial Gutttenburg.
I got 100 FIM too much when I changed money at the bank.  They talk about old memories. I hadn't seen him for 8 years.
hen I hurt my parents in one way or another after not having seen them for six months.
The cat of my landlady escaped through the window which I had thought it possible.
I destroyed my step-brother's bedsheets by mistake, they were the friends, nice music, after the examinations, I felt so happy I could have embraced everybody.
When my grandfather was in a nursing home when I was young I never student.
I felt guilty after getting really angry with a friend and having university.
I had undertaken to help my sister for her class work but some in love with me. it made me so happy that I could hardly sleep and eat for one week.
I did not go to the exercises, without any adequate reason. was a very trustful and joyful atmosphere.
I was the reason behind the break-up of my friend's relationship number on the admission list of the Chinese university.  I was satisfied and happy and the cumulative anxiety disappeared.  I only wanted to cry out that I had succeeded.
alling in love with a close friend boarding school on accrediting leave.
 felt guilty after I battered to death a classmate of mine eachothers company, while slow dacing.
I was caught doing something bad and I bribed the person who there late because I was very afraid.  When I arrived there, everybody was very happy and I had also passed.  We had a wonderful time all day long.
I didn't keep a promise I had made to a man, and in this way I period of bad beather, afterwards we spent the evening and night together.
I was working as a secretary.  My boss was to go to give a some tests. I seemed to finally adjust to college, it was hot and sunny. I was walking in front of a frat. when I heard Beach Boys ""Surfin'USA"". I had this overwhelming feeling that to be at CAL
orgot to give a present to my little nephew was good. I still have it somewhat.
I felt guilt because on account of my ambitions I nearly turned holiday with them in Benidorm otherwise I could not afford to go on holiday.
While travelling in a bus with an invalid ticket, I got caught. after baving tried for a long time.
Recently when I made a slip and blurted out indecent words in my proved that I succeeded the second year of my study.
 The day I have not worked (academic) hard enough. have done things good in relation to other people especially when my friend says he loves me and I also tell him that I love him.
[ I had, by being silent, disapproved my love and made him unexpected.
I wanted to get rid of a bad habit and it seemed that I had from my mother; resulting in a new little sister for me.
I came across a blind man sitting in one of the corridors and (Running Race).
While at primary school, I did not let a friend ring a bell fourth movement at my sister's wedding.
I had an appointment with a colleague of mine to give her my her for 4 months.
My brother wanted money but I refused to give it to him, two days spent 1 hour or so before she was off overseas with her husband for 3 months.
When I was young - 14, I pinched from a store and was caught.  study nearly as much as I should have and it was a difficult test.
The assistant professor saw me cheat at the preliminary abroad.
 stroke a person undeservedly it and I was so happy.
I've had three midterms in the past two weeks and I hardly steps outside her parents home and I kissed her for the first time.
ot accepting hints of intimate relation from a girl holiday together.
When my father's car got stolen from me. (A 1966 Ford Mustang - got a good write up in the paper.
When as a child I stole, from a friend of mine, the ring she had love already some time ago.
hen I don't justify the confidence of people that I respect student.
Not beeing able to stay with my mother for the National Day move up to the second year course.
hen my mother scolded me and I argued with her good and we were very satisfied.
One day I went to see a movie without my parents permission.  It appeared to be impossible because I had to go to school. For long time I wasn't sure if I could accompany her. Two days before the departure they told me I was allowed to miss school.
When I complained about a colleague to the manager and he told with a difficult period of my life and I was about to begin one which I had desired a lot.
Always, and this happens often when I do not keep my word. long time.
I had to leave an important function early because of family I lived together with a girlfriend. We both were afraid to fail, but it appeard that we both had passed.
When I was young I stole something from a shop and got caught, very likely that he would have a deficiency (my sister suffers from Down's Syndrome) and that my mother would be in danger.
[ If one has planned to do something ""important"" and then, for pregnant.
When before the last exam I have taken, I went out instead of departure was unavoidable.  When he came back during the Summer holidays I was very happy as nothing had changed between us.
 felt guilty when I lied to my parents Nijmegen) for a while.
hen I beat up my son for having beaten up his sister spent some time afterwards in her apt.
hen I offend somebody unfairly by this we won a set from a much stronger competitor.
osing my temper to my sister science class here.
I removed an article of clothing belonging to my employer while of the Europe Cup at Athens.
I did not go to help a friend of mine, though she probably needed atmosphere is good and a kind of relaxed understanding exists.
At a moment of affect I offended a person very close to me. He a B no better in Computer Science. I looked at the card - I got an A - I was ecstatic.
While having an argument with my daughter, I got angry and number.  I was very happy as I had not expected it.  As I had been  injured before the examination and I had performed poorly.
he day I came home drunk after having attended a disco party yrs. I was capable of achieving it, but I didn't know when.
In some special circumstances l lied to my parents, then felt night, when I came back from a long and tiring journey.
t happens to me quite often. I can't describe a particular case and close friends.
id not do what I promised to do for a friend she passed the examinations and that she had been admitted to the study for speech therapy.
ow evaluation of other people's cares notification came by post.
When I noticed that my little sister was sulking, because I could an examination of personality while I thought I performed very badly. Even now, I don't know how I managed it.
When I did not succeed in finding a job after having finished a first time in 3 months. She's my best friend and extremely close.
nce I lied to my parents and this made me feel very guilty education course.  We had not met for 2 years but had both thought a lot about each other.  A wonderful experience.á
ack of respect for my parents soul.
Quite unconsciously I offended a girlfriend of mine. It was had obtained a grant to work in the library.
I hated you for not letting me go and found out that it was not creature on earth and that I would be the only one in her heart for all her life.
Reported neighbour to police for taking to my daughter with friends of mine decided to believe in God.  The joy that I felt at that time was more than words can express.  I blessed them and praised God in my heart.
A lonely, neurotic, shy girl lives nearby. She has expressed a lover and future wife.
 forgot to convey an important announcement marathon I wanted to see.
hen I fought with my friends happy.  They are my closest friends and we had not seen each other for a long time.
When I have forgotten to warn somebody for something, or when I study for the final exam, then my friend told me that I had passed it.  That meant that I could go home, as I do not study in my hometown.
While trying to get my little brother over a ditch, he fell on Chinese university of H.K.  It was 7 o'clock in the morning.  Later I told my family and relatives about it and had tea with them very joyfully.
Not being able to convince my class leader that my friend is  I saw her in a discotheque.  We do not like discotheques but we went there because we knew we would meet there.
When something unpleasant happens to a friend or relative of seemed very funny to me and my reaction seemed rather outlandish to the others.
When I went to my room-mate's drawer to see if she had an iron  there, if I wished, in Summer.
For example, when I have promised something but I haven't in our own usual way, by mutual scolding and abusing (with complete understanding) and by touching, patting and taking the hand of the other person, etc...
hen I offended my parents without wanting it outer reef of Tvavni, Fidgi.
I went to the cinema with my friends, without telling my mother rest of the family for the winter sports holiday.
 No response. university.
hen I have been overhastingly offending or hurting did not have to do the remaining 5 months.
 didn't attend lectures When he arrived at the airport, I felt great joy.
 hapened to overhear something which I was not meant to hear very worried but it was successful.
When I think that I have been too stict or narrow minded towards difficulty.
 I have never felt this emotion. We were in a flurry but at that time I felt the love and concern of my friends.
I had gone to see one of our professors about a book, and I did not one.
ome days ago I had a slight car accident through my fault eight.
I promised my friends that I would take care of something, but I baby girl.  That was what I wanted.
I could not take care of my mother when she was admitted to a hospital  studyied in difficulty throughout my secondary school days.
ot doing well in the examn paid.
 do not help out enough at home Psychology.
When I was caught sneaking back into the house at night after come home from work when my kind sister handed me an enveloppe which I opened and was overcome with joy.
When I am not able to fulfill any request of my son - can't take for about half a year, and for the first time we were speaking ""the same language""- meaning an inspiring discussion and
I feel guilty when I should have done something at any rate but I encounter.
When my friend failed an exam by just one mark.  During this exam time before.  He sent me a poem and wished me good luck.  I felt very happy because I had great esteem for that person.
I ""picked up"" a girl and I thought that I had misused my the tour began.
My mother told me that the enveloppes that I had been tearing (I accounts bureau.  They needed ""clever people"" and he had
When I took a small boy's share of choclale.  He was our guest ""immediately thought of me.""
I felt it when I came home after the examination session and I low marks, but they were much higher than expected.
hen I moved away from home been admitted to the university.
When I behaved improperly - fought in a public place.  my love.
ot being able to help my friend to do homework long time.
When I had had the possibility to act or to do certain activity had taken this test.
 friend asked for help and I was not able to help most wished, around me.
When I could neither measure up to the expectations of the teacher qualified for form I that year.
I used to pinch change from my father's mantlepiece (never my been in a bad mood of late).  I hoped to go for a walk in the soft sunlight to try and uplift my spirits.  When I was having lunch in the canteen, two of my male classmates asked me as to why I was dressed so nicely (they had seldom joked with me before).  One of them said that he had a lounge suit and we would look very nice if we wore them together.
eing rude to someone I do not like needed to buy something I had been planning to buy.
hen I don't fulfill my obligations Sk+vde.
My father got a slight heart attack after a telephone call of to UNZA.  This happened again when I passed all my first year courses.
 I have never felt this emotion. during the first term Summer vacations.  We met each other while handing in our homework.  He invited me have a trip with him and we were together till 8 P.M.
When I was baby-sitting at my cousin's place, I tried to have a the garden ( I am a part of this orchestra).
I had been guilty of gossiping and blaming others, and one of my class, in the street, at home, at the table..........]
In a fit of temper I told things that were unjust and they happy.
My roommate got married and invited me to share a flat with them. time.
ot handing in homework in time seen for some time
One night during dinner my nephew was naughty, so I quarrelled with my  friends.
My son drank four pills of diazepam every two hours instead of she loves me.
hen I was caught stealing mangoes in a certain compound second year.
assing by a good friend's home without coming in to visit him good reference from him.
My mother misunderstood me and prevented me from doing something. journey that I had been wanting to make for a long time.
One of my friends came to know through some other friends that I   born in the family.
I escaped from communicating with God for a long time.  I did not be a Chinese university student, I was excited as I had longed for it.
When I had to go to reconciliation before converting to medicine.
 forgot about a close relatives's birthday colours and that I had made it to the university.
The same event described under ""shame"". funny.
Not helping parents enough at home and at the farm - this has When I found that any tasks or decisions that I had made were better  than expected.]
During 7th grade our class mobbed a famale teacher so badly that had a drink, then I read my favourite book on the bed.  Suddenly I felt peace and joy.
his I experienced when going around with more than one girl intensive care at the hospital.
When I provoked a fight with my mother, hurting her feelings very the physician told him that he was restored to health.
I stopped my car in front of a pedestrian crossing as a child was others and I had no rights for one year.  So I was happy to find my name on the medical schhol list.
When I realized that I was not working hard enough and was not with crying fits. When this was over I felt very happy, although there was no special reason.
Getting a friend an open container ticket because I got caught made a nice walk together.
When I had to lie about my age to be accepted as a member of a involved a lot of work and I was very pleased when I got the results.
The only guilt I considered reasonable was my reproval at the end very good and would soon get into the ballet academy.
eing aggressive against members of my family realized how worthy they were for me and how happy I was to have them as friends.
I lied to my mother in the sixth form she said she would ring to athletics.
The greatest guilt I felt and I didn't know if it was really first he had said that he would not do that.
ot finishing homework in time not seen for six months.  Again I felt very happy.
When I ""passed out"" a female friend of mine for no apparent examinations for almost a year, at last I received a letter of acceptance from the Senate of the university of Zambia telling me that I had made it to the first year course at UNZA.
hen I accepted a lunch invitation from a past male friend me that they would willingly assist and collect data for me for a clinical pilot study.
When my mother returned from a holiday, I told her a lie i.e my feeling turned into joy when I heard that I had achieved a good grade for an examination.
 angered a close friend and he was injured great relief for me as I had been very worried considering the large number of pupils who fail.
elling the appartment after my divorce published, I found my canditate number and I was very excited.
It happens sometimes in connection with certain persons with whom too.
When I made an excuse to get out of participating in an important in the garden and the contact with other volunteers filled me with joy. They also gave me support after I failed passing my driver's test.
I had not written to, or called my grandmother, who was lonely, the moment I needed it. It was amicable, hearty and sincere.
hen I did not give back a text book to a friend in time the family after 19 years of baby boys.
One day my mother forced me to eat more and I refused, the next my birthday.
I am the secretary of an association, and during the last meeting an operation for rupture. I was glad to hear that the operation succeeded and that she was relieved of her pain.
aving told a certain lie examination of the secondary school. A teacher wrote them up for me. When I went outside, I started crying with joy.
The same as in ""shame"". finished my last exam.
This feeling comes frequently when I go out at night and tell my a lake with my husband.  Suddenly it started raining while the sun was still shining. I experienced a feeling of joy, happiness and fulfillment.  the whole nature was full of music.
This feeling of guilt really applies to moral/religious views. I be definately selected to the university of Zambia.
I dreamed that this girl and I were cuddling in bed when my OIS and IFK and it was certain that OIS had won the Swedish title.
ade a mistake at work and telling nice things to her.
My mother wrote me and said that I would not writ enough letters Mozart on the piano when I gave my first performance I succeeded to play it very well.
I did not attend a social studies observation class for 1 whole years, came back home safe and in good health.
hen I realized that I had three more examinations to take was approved after it had been cancelled.
lept with someone close to my girlfriend and myself was put against my breast.
Lately I've felt guilty because I'm folling behind in my classes Bachelor Degree in Plychology.
One evening I went out with some friends of mine, although I was problems.  They had to do a Caesarean.  After a while, everything  was all right.
I had promised to send something to a friend and it completely separation.
The negative feelings towards me displayed by my very happy not so much for the presents but because they seemed to care for me.
 No response. particularly trying period.
Making a sexual pass at my cousin with whom I have a very close the results were announced I looked in the newspaper and saw my candidature number.
I told someone that I still had a relationship with a boy visitors and then my younger sister came with some cheese, a card and some pocket money for me; and she told me that she was working now.
elled at my parents for not buying me a car like other parents long time.
ave the wrong meal tickets to other people (my classmate) brought some flowers and cake with him.
I felt guilty when I was robbed of a friend's radio at Lilongwe very glad to see that the pregnancy test was negative.
When I am dishonest to a friend to whom I am very close.  I surprised and happy as the result was better than I had expected.
Not keeping a promise of delivering materials of great importance ""myself"" i.e on my own initiative.
When I lied at home.   I told them that I was going to a final at Athens.
One day my boyfriend put my hand on his penis and I felt well, SEK 20000.  I had waited for it for 2-3 years.
When I deliberately engineered a situation to cause tension and I had lost his address and telephone number.
While doing some calculation exercises, I neglected a part of it, happy and sang and drank only soft drinks.  It is possible to have a good time without alcohol.
Going out with another girl besides my girlfriend and not telling change the working environment.
A few days back a friend of mine had asked me to call on him on with my friends.
ot noticing my roommates quietness or a sign of discomfort me that although he told me he was going to take me to the concert, he didn't want to see me anymore. After that we stayed overnight and I said ""well, when he leaves me I will be ruined
When my little brother asked me to play with him, I told him that for awhile, but for now we're together."" I woke up in his arms
A great friend of mine travelled with the intention to change his and it was the happiest moment of my life.
hen I masturbated in my room there was a lot at stake.
 crashed my father's car did not realize that I had got all the credits until my classmates pointed it out to me.  My parents and my relatives praised me and I realized that my results were good i.e 2A, 5B, 2C.  I felt satisfied with the results and was happy.
At times I have been attracted to conducts which are socially from an illness,etc.
When I betrayed my lover, she told me something in confidence, I expected onevery below average.
My daughter was a baby and was crying to be taken on my lap. I separation.
I was talking to my mom on the phone and she told me that she had leader of a spiritual group and had prayed for him.  He did not want to burn the incense but his mother forced him to do it.  Finally his mother told him that he could discontinue if he got good results at school.
I was not able to help my sister to understand that her husband picnic in Kandala.  One of my closest friends wrote a small and cute poem for me, which expressed the feeling of closeness we had for each other.  I was very thrilled and I can still remember it.
Had started a relationship and did nothing to keep it up, partly turned out fine.
I felt that I contributed to a possible rift in the relationship spent SEK 10 each on one armed bandits and against all odds we won the jackpot of SEK 1000.
I always feel guilty when I see my mother sad or fed up with birthday.  I enjoyed having that present.
When I arrived home late at night.  I know that my mother gets Happiness is to be healthy, my wonderful finance.  Simply being here on earth.]
When I fought with my sister and said that she had provoked this. exam.  I thought that I had done one of the exams badly.
Criticizing my mother when she refused to drive with the radio on. my studies and do a M.A. , I was very happy.
Some boys told me your nickname is ""Little Girl Doctor"", I did a camp a few months ago.  We shared our feelings, notions and every hidden anxiety.  I thought that they cared for me and I was very happy and satified.
 No response. her all night, not knowing where she was.
While intoxicated I damaged my sister's car in a minor way and holiday.
When I gave in to what my wife wanted and locked the cat out, it accepted.
My sister forgot to bring presents for my birthday, I was rude to the university.
I often feel guilty, and it has to do with other people, e.g. if   I felt very happy as I got what I had wanted and my wish had been fulfilled.á
hen I was caught with my girlfriend in the house at night of the team was very good and the team members were full of spirit.  The match was excellent and every time a goal was scored I felt excited.
I reproached my mother's cooking and criticised her and became positive.  A diificult time turned into pleasant one.
Did not get up early enough to watch my class football team vice-chairman of our student organisation.  I was really surprised and joy was the first emotion I felt, though behind it there was worry - how shall I succeed ?
When once my mother asked me to do some work for her at home made me forget all my problems.
When an event took place in another's life and which I thought I the family to have got a 1st class, so all the family members were very happy and they gave me the opportunity to study further.
A friend was going to come stay the weekend with me, but Everything went well: they picked us up very quickly, the sun was shining, I was feeling free and, for the first time after long time, happy. I really had the feeling that I was living at full speed.
 had promised to call a girl but I did not do it for another friend and we went to the meet him at the bus stop, a  woman we met there told us that the coach had already left.  I was afraid that I would not see my friend, but at last we found him.
A friend asked to borrow my notes and I did not give them away Institute.
I felt guilty when I failed to take an exam though I had had was completely healthy.
I felt guilty because of the pain I caused to a very close sister was to bear a child. I was mad with joy when I opened the telegram from my parents and learned I had a nephew.
I was pregnant and thought that by not having the baby I would time. Then he asked me out the following week. He actually took interest.
When they found out that I was absent from school, I had gone to birthday.
At my job, I got disproportionately angry with a child.  My friend.
hen I spanked a child in anger and later regretted it terribly first love called me and told me that he would always care for me no matter what I did.
I felt guilty when I had taken the car keys and I had an accident end of summer and we had a fire in the sand - toasted marshmellows, cuddled and drank champagne.
I had found out that I was pregnant. I talked it over with my a long period, my father came back home.
I promised to fulfill an errand. Later I understood it was years. It was a joyful event to talk to him.
 The same as in shame. look stupid.
id not return the library book on time kindergarten.
Last year I put off an exam for the autumn session without grew closer and now he is my boyfriend. I felt joy when I found out how he felt about me.
I added a little   ?   to a yield in an experiment to get more of telephoned and invited me to go out with him the next night.
Some boys talking about nicknames of the lecturers, and I was too meant that our relationship was about to turn even closer.
Eating the last remains of dinner that someone else (unknown to one question (the question was graded by the professor and he indicated he liked my answer).
I was involved in a ... attempt on a man I had developed a close airport. When she finally appeared from customs and we came in contact again.
I had asked the Salvation Army to take away a piece of furniture telling me that I had been admitted to begin my studies.
The sense of guilt came over me too, when I interrupted my about it over the phone, I didn't believe it at first.
I couldn't fulfill a request of a girlfriend of mine, though I Everybody feels free and the trip is well planned.  It works out well and we enjoy ourselves.
ot being a good host for a friend from a far away place examination.
[ I speak harshly to my parents though they only mean my own was finally rewarded with a Super Bowl victory which made me extremely happy.
I had thrown with the ashtray a still lighted cigarette in the bird.(swans of the bay)
I did badly in one of the vital exams, despite getting proper place, I got a message that I was admitted as full time student at the Higher Agricultural Institute.
I remember about an unpleasant event in relation to my mother. I like.
I had quarelled with a friend of mine and I later realized that got a high mark. When you present someone with something and he feels glad.
 couldn't fulfill a promise at the result because the possibility of continuing my studies depended on it.
ould not buy a reference book because I got up too late to cue because it was a supplementary examination. I passed the exam very well and was glad because I recovered my selfconfidence.
I didn't visit a very close friend at the hospital and some days games and talked all evening.
Car accident, hurt three of my closest family. my girlfriend).
When I reproached my friend because I was myself low-spirited and February.
 No response. Friday so I felt great joy because the week was over and I did well on a test.
When my library books were overdue and I did not have the money relationship was new, fresh, vital etc. once again.
A sense of guilt before my parents when I had to discountinue my something new happened in my heart.  Joy that overflows was manifest in me.
I felt guilty when I spent a night at my boyfriend's place, grant was spent.
When I blamed my niece for misplacing my book, she denied having present I can give to my father.
eing disloyal with persons I loved happy because I was adopted into the family and her asking me made me realise that she saw me as a cousin and not just another person. There were other cousins she could have asked but she asked me.
When I didn't study for tests in High School. In particular  in a lot of money each and bought me ten records to replace some of my records that were stolen. They threw a small surprise party for me too.
ade a misjudgement in a football match emotionally.
When I had lied to a friend/son about some things we had economics.
One day my mother went to visit her friends.  When she came back from the pews (I am in the choir) and shook my hand during the time for an informal ""greeting"" in the church service. She said a
We had had a party the night before and we still had some liquors few words.
 No response. examinations she was about to take.
When I decided to move away from my parent's home, my mother told to me and suggesting we write, talk and get together and see how things went and his suggestion that I could ring and doing that it was really good - though really insane conversation.
On Reberbahn, I was in a ""restaurant"" where drinks were on to go to a Halloween Party. We were dressing up to be two mimes. It was very enjoyable and I thought we looked really good, it was an accomplishment. We were alone in his house.
I felt guilty at being part of the successful people. Felt guilty days, and feeling I did well on them.
When I acted in a negative way at a certain moment by laziness people about my applying for this institute and I decided to prove that one can pass excellently without visiting any preparatory couse. That is - I proved what I could do on my own.
At a party, I started talking to a guy I had seen in one of my close to my best friend looking straight into the eyes.
Once I quarrelled with my sister and after this I deliberately houses in the New Territories (villages) but they did not have much furniture.  He took me to see his fields (I had never seen them before) and there were several inches of clear water on which the sunshine was reflected.  I wanted to sit among the short green plants in the fields but was afraid of treading the plants to death.  My friend said ""They will not die"" and I sat
I read about the national and social spirit and self-discipline down happily and my trousers did not get wet.
When I caused needless anxiety to a person close to me because of well - I feel joy. Yesterday I met a young woman (20 yrs) I'd taught her at 6 yrs, then at 12 yrs and hadn't seen her for last 3-4 yrs; she was no longer a waitress but a meter maid for Council.
Not attending school, when  am not sick - but in need of mental when my school's team won the conference championship last year.
ate for a lecture and therefore missed it passed it so I ran to a restaurant for a beer.
y friend had trouble and I was not able to help him occasions as Christmas etc. It really gives me joy to see my family and relatives and to observe natures productivity process which have been going on for centuries.
nce I promised to do something but I didn't do it wasn't confident of handling the situation so was thinking  of leaving the job only after 2 days employment.
ot getting the class paper in time for the lecture years, at the airport. Sheer elation at getting through the ""paper work"" collecting bags and the anticipation of coming
I was supposed to have done some things for my mother, but just through the customs gate.
I feel always guilty before my parents when I come home and have food, good liquid, good company, good music, and an overall warm atmosphere. The birthday girl and I communicate incredibly well. I felt very content, warm and inspired just talking with her giving her a neck massage.
hen I shot a bird in the head with a shotgun birthday party - they invited a large number of my friends along too.
A sense of guilt I felt once when I couldn't defend the a long illness.  I had thought that this illness would never end.
I am going steady with a boy, but I had sexual intercourse with good deal of positive feed-back on my work both from the parents and through them from the pupils.
nable to help my mother to cook pharmacy completed.
Something very unpleasant happened when I was a soldier and I was close family. This was my first year away from home. They brought one jacko-lantern with a new design. That is the old joke that we have a great new design - it's always the same.
Guilt at often being unable to visit a close relative in hospital had not expected.
A close friend of mine was leaving for graduate school out of worried about how well I had done.  I was very happy to know that I had passed.
When I was responsible for getting my friend run-out in a vital practice, at a contest, I covered the norms for ""a master of sports"".
When I spoke ill of a fellow worker in the absence of this moment.
I remember when I was a little boy I broke a Swiss dinner set award, while our play got the first place.
For the sheer pleasure of it, I quarelled with my boyfriend who was trying  floriculture (this is a narrow specialization from the general one).
ot finishing homework in time went well.
When at times unconscienciously I speak to my mother in a high the children Assembly.
When I misled a person: I said that I would do her a mate.
I went to go get a bike innertube fixed. I fixed it and I was home.
At my Summer job a new caretaker had been employed who was my age for many months.  The weather was very pleasant, we had some ice-cream and lots of fun on the beach.
I was coming back home with my mother when the purse I was graduation exam in English I tensely waited for the result the whole day.  In the evening, when I heard that I had done excellently, I became very happy and the anxiety vanished.  My family was at home.
hen I hurt my sisters for no reason at all I can say those were the happiest months in my life.
One night,when I was in primary 5 or 6, I felt thirsty so I unexpected and it made me realize that statistics do not surpass my abilities, as I have sometimes thought.
When I realized that I avoided two good friends with whom I the cloth after months of hindrances.
I promised my mother to come home on her birthday, but at last I something about why I exist and what my task in life is.
I was not sure whether I should help an old woman going down a higher level as fast as possible.  I opened the envelope very carefully and found that my results were much better than I had expected and thus I could enter the Chinese university.  My diligence had paid and I was very happy.
It was about midnight and I wanted to go to the countryside (I surprised and happy and I had a very good time with my friends.
After having been told not to take the car, I took it anyway and wine.
By mistake I took a book from the library which was not supposed University. I was at home, the atmosphere was still, though I myself was full of suspense. I tried to do different things. When the telephone rang and...! Yes, of course there were other situations when I felt a similar feeling but I was unmindful of them.
 felt guilty after stealing a cookery book from my colleagues was all very pleasant and one could say that I was happy to have such good friends.
In the past I used to think that my mother was a very nagging had been accepted at university.
When as a 7 year old, I stole money from my mother. to me. Several days later my regret was great. I was beside myself. Quite unexpectedly he came and the conflict was calmly solved. I was glad at the possibility to be with him.
I call my mother at least once a week. However last week I days.
When I was young, I stole some money from my mother's purse. It in my class.  Thus I got the first prize from the college.  I was most happy to tell all this to my parents and friends.
When I scored the third goal to my own side at a football match for a week at that plan.
 No description. standards, a rare bird of this kind accepted me as a boyfriend.
hen I was scolded by my dad for bad behaviour trusted infinitely and from whom I expected help and friendly feelings. With him I found much in common - in our views and in our fate.
I didn't tell my parents exacly what had made me so late in because it was due the next day and I was tired of looking at it.
I had stopped talking to a very close friend of mine.  A week friend of mine, who is also a classmate, told me that my application for a Japanese inter-cultural exchange programme had been accepted.  I was not very sure as I did not know that the list had been declared.  I ran to the board and saw that I was really included in the list.  I was so excited that I smiled all day long.  When I met my classmates and friends I told them the good news.  I was so happy that I could not concentrate on my studies. 
When I was in the puberty I smashed the favourite toy of my not afraid to face death, that I also helped a little to relieve the pains of a patient.
When my mother found me in her bedroom ""stealing"" sugar in her with me.
Our Headmaster came to our hostel. The lights were off but there at CAL)
When I ""hated"" one of mmy flatmates who was nice to me. as a student in medicine.
 felt guilty when I lost K43 for my friend when he was arrested alone for a few years.
Yesterday my boyfriend and I wanted to play billiards. However boyfriend and I celebrated our first anniversary.
When I did something wrong in the past and denied having done it ( I had not seen her for several months.)
I forgot to water the flowers in our flat and was rebuked by my one.  When I got back my exam papers I was very happy to know that I almost had full marks.
 prayed unfaithfully not expected to do so well.
A very, very close friend of mine used to come to my room to      university.
I quarreled with my boy-friend. He said it was unfair that I happy to learn that I had got very good marks - first class.
I made an appointment to pick up someone. However I arrived made me feel love, happiness, joy, giving me a new and beautiful future, who made me dream.
When I was forced to decline the invitation to my mother's 70th friends were present and good music.
nce I had some homework to do and I did not do it as an organic feeling for an upsurge. I don't exclude the situative feeling but in this case the reason is not in me, it's out of me.
I know that a certain person feels very lonely, and that she high school graduation marks.
I was 4-5 years old when I hid the bicycle keys of a not very registration at UNZA.
A certain friend evokes positive feelings, when I am with him but childhood, and we had a very happy time.
alking about someone behind their back passed my last exam.
ot thanking relatives for a favor done happenes.
hen I had beaten my auntie having been away for weeks (for work).  I was on the railway station to meet him.
I had promised to say goodbye to a person who was going on a terribly.
A friend of mine got encouragement and I did not, as the I had not expected this as I had been ill during the exams.
I had been together with my boy-friend for two and a half years, to visit with his wife which none of our family had previously met.
Dad had just married his second wife (my step-mother) and I did expected this so I was very happy.
After having told an authority figure a very large lie I was told be hired or not and counting on the money that it would bring.
 broke a glass of glycerine at the Z.C.B.C store in Ndola and our 2nd win of the season was very gratifying and brought our joy because of the hard work involved and the fact that no one expected we would win.
One day I took a packet of sweets from a certain Grocery at fortnight.
There was a time when I did not get on well with my sister. I my financial, physical, spiritual and emotional needs will be well catered for. This position fulfils a lot of my aims for the last five years of my life.
ot to have studied enough when exams were near margin of three marks.
I was cold to my sister without meaning it, just because I was was very important to him. I had always wanted us to get back together again, but had doubted the likelihood of this, so I was very happy when my small amount of faith was vindicated.
When I was in P3 I was always punished as I would forget to do my and danced.
I was walking quite quickly and unthinking through a children's living somewhere out of town and I hadn't seen her for months. We are very close sisters.
I once torn the inner tube of a bike, that was not mine. Then I expected.
A certain colleague of mine sent me to buy a bag of flour for him, vacation, not being at all sure if he would write me or not.
I was going around with a girl without loving her.  Not only did overjoyed after having received C's previously.
When I had promised to do some washing for my mother and I did after several months absence (I was not needed during this time).
I had fixed a meeting with my classmates and I missed it as I was cared for me.
o force someone to do something that suits me friends.
I spoke to my mother on the phone.  She had skin cancer and was siblings, been under pressure at school and wasn't going to the party I wanted to go - instead I was going out with my family. A guy called and said, in effect, that I was ""nice"" and he liked
I had known the girl for a few months when I proposed to her and this me. Hence the emotional joy.
Guilt after fighting with my sister (for) telling her how bad she dealer.
Once after falling in love, I imagined that particular girl to be home in a box on my motorbike, showing it to my defacto.
I felt guilty one day when I stole a slice of bread in a (an university entrance exam) and saw that I had a very good possibility of being accepted into the university, I felt very excited.
An item which belonged to a friend of mine was missing.  I had an exam.  She told me that I had passed.
An accident happened to my little cousin because I had not taken previously wished to understand better.
One day while we were strolling along the road one of my had managed it well.  He was born a month too early with a malfunctioning lung.  This happened a year ago.
Many years ago a friend wanted me to with her to southern Europe licence. I can remember it was gorgeous day and I was on a natural high, cruising up the coast with my maps and compasses and gear. Other pilots had seen me off and wished me good luck and it was a real adventure.
orrowed someone else's towel without asking stopped in a few towns and stayed overnight in motels. The joy I got was from the feedom I felt and the real beauty of the country.
After I reluctantly refused to dine with a certain man on the separation from summer.
 cheated my boyfriend experienced God's forgiving grace and cleansing power - total enlightenment and freedome - bliss.
I get irritated with my son when he screams or is sick all over will contribute to China's catching up with the West in neuropsychology).
It was when I discovered that the girl who I had proposed was a that fact to members of family and friends.
During a holiday in East-Germany I got aquainted with a boy who really wanted to go.
I stole a coconut cake from a reception table and when I put cared.
I had to undergo an operation in Summer and so my family had to games when I was eleven.
When I used to tell Mum I was going somewhere else than where I friends for a year but had been hesitant about getting involved emotionally.
We were at secondary school and I was making a lot of noise.  The we (6 of us) waited for the members of the band to greet us in front of the stage.  We went out after a few minutes as it was time to close the hall.  We had been waiting at the entrance hall for ten minutes when three of the band members came out.  They were very excited to see us, one of them was so excited that he had tears in his eyes.  We felt very warm and close to each other.  They took us back into the hall and we talked freely.  We were together for about an hour and during this time we felt that they were very sincere.
After an exam I was in a very bad mood as I had done it very       years.
I remember deceiving my brother, I told him that I was going to refused her for some flimsy reason. Some time later I felt sorry for that and something like sadness.
Once in my homes yard, I was plaing football with my cousin and months old.
hen I failed an exam I thought I could pass easily of her being pregnant.
When I cancelled an appointment with an idle story. Afterwards telling me that my grandmother had passed away. I had to go home to attend the funeral but unfortunately I found that the burial had already taken place.
When I was driving my car, I wanted to pick something from the suddenly.
One day, I was alone on duty when a patient choked while eating.  them.
Sometime back I came across a certain man who was badly beaten by when I realized how easy it is to forget something that one had once regarded as great and significant.
I knew I had to take an exam very soon but yet I couldn't start not believe it, but later I wept and felt the situation was hopeless.  I felt lonely and wanted to be consolated.
hen I was rude to my mother and got angry with her the first time how I missed my father who had died at Christmas Years ago.
A certain woman had asked me to make something for her and I kept studying (due to wrong information from the student advisor).
I send a word to my boss through my servant telling him that I against her boyfriend.  Consequently she looked through me when she saw me as she thought that I was trying to separate them.  She had misunderstood me.
The first time that I ""played with myself"" despite being a seems that I am deceiving myself but I cannot find the way out.
I slapped my sister's daughter and after several hours, she had a cried for several days because I was so sad.
When I have to take exams I am very excited and have not much training I felt very sad for she was young.
A child was admitted in hospital with Meningitis. I was asked to the periods of my life when I think that I did not use this short time.
I had lunch with my ex-boyfriend and did not mention it to my children differently.
When I splashed a child by not slowing down while driving stood around the open grave and cried.
I failed to keep a promise and this had a serious effet on someone's for a year.  That night I could not fall off to sleep.  I was sad thinking that I would not see my nice fellow workers again.
My younger sister wanted to take classes to learn a musical for a year as an exchange student.
A few weeks ago I thought about an exam I had to take soon. I democrat and communist majority could achieve, especially ""worker
I threw away an object, which belonged to a friend, because I did share"" funds and its extension.
Eating too much I felt guilty afterwards because I knew I a year, I saw that it was impossible for me to stay with him (for economic reasons). We separated although I loved him.
When I was fighting with my elder brother I unintentionally hurt   lead to breathing difficulties.
I felt guilt to have come back from home without seeing my father. lunch together at a restaurant.  She thought that our parents had been prejudiced against her, this was an extreme thought.
When I had broken a piece of glass of the refrigerator by putting accident.
I felt guilty when I was given a prize which belonged to someone month. I went to see her at hospital - she was crying. I felt very sorry for her.
It was on January 1st 1985 when I accidentally broke a Fanta intead of being criticized by the teacher.
When my friends and I were caught with our girlfriends outside illness.
I was trying to have sex with my best friend's girl but she did later.
ot doing something I had promised am shut up in my appartment.  Nothing happens in particular because there is no time for anything else.
One night, I went out with some friends for dinner and I did not thought "" Oh God how will I ever manaage it!""
fter the death of a girl who I disliked suits my taste, even though I had been told so.
Family discord and uneasiness due to something I did not I went to Guanggho alone.  I was looking for an accomodation in the evening and after having walked 2 or 3 miles I still could not find anything.  What could I do?  I was not worried about sleeping on the streets but because of some procedural problems.  I finally found a place to sleep at 8 o'clock.
On a telephone talk where I was agressive and stupid without the and had a lot to tell him.  I had been looking forward to this conversation and he did not listen to me to the extent that I had anticipated.
While playing basketball I broke a team member's spectacles.  His not even try to restore a harmonic atmosphere. Mother stayed in her room almost the whole day. I felt alone and was very sad.
hen I feigned sick leave from work Although it was expected, I still felt depressed.
[ I can not remember anything in particular.  What I can remember weeks and I had to stay in Turkey for some more weeks because I had a job there.
I felt guilty about going out when I should have been studying each other.
When I think that I do not study enough.  After the weekend I but I was sad and could not sleep before the operation.
t work a boy was injured because of my lack of supervision on my conduct.]
gnoring my parents'wishes found her lying in a kerb. I was rather shocked and angry with the driver.
hen I was fined for speeding it.
 made my boyfriend so unhappy and depressed that I feel guilty as well as I had hoped in one of the final exams.  As compared with the earlier exams, the questions, I think, were unjust.
hen my friend was punished for something that I had done in the Autumn.  The way my mother told me about it, I hated her at that moment.  She sounded as if she had been waiting for the death of my grandmother.  I had lost a person close to me.  I felt guilty too as I had been bad to my grandmother of late.  I had not remained calm when she no longer understood everything so well.
I became very angry with my friend because he didn't do shopping, chosen).
hen I was reproved eighth grade of high school getting, I was not even granted an interview and did not get the job.
This situation happened when my friend me with a knife which I psychiatric patient because the doctor did not know about neurologism.
When I used an adjective for a person without knowing what it relationship.
A very close friend of mine invited me to spend the holidays with very much and so I could not resign myself to that. I hated the hunter who shot him.
I was sitting in a restaurant with friends and I knew that in the separated.
When having a relationship, I made love with another girl. with my brother.  My parents slept on the lower deck.  My father felt disgusted and beat me up.  I felt very sad as my father had never beaten me or scolded me before.
I felt guilty when I skipped a two hour practical class I knew I was true.  In the past I would have at least 80% marks.  Was I getting weaker at studies ?  This made me feel that I should not expect too much from going to the university.
When my middle child became very difficult to handle after the my emotions but also other important tasks, it also made my record imperfect.
I made a remark to my sister concerning her attitude to men, the Mary's Sec. School. I was happy at Chichiri as a day scholer and had made a lot of friends. I was going to a boarding and that meant parting with my friends as well as my boyfriend for the first time.
As I was not paying attention, my little brother fell off the because of his relationship with another girl.
I was drunk one night and I insulted three ladies.  The following the process of breaking up.
Leaving home when my mother thought I had no reason to go and bewitched by her husband's second wife.
hen I triffled with other people that he did not understand me and that there was no point in carrying on with the relationship.
When we were playing, I hurt my little sister, but towards my This really gave me a shock as I had never thought that she would say such things.  The reason she gave me was that we were not suited for each other.
hen I demand too much from my friends it was hopeless, he had to be shot.
I blew up at someone for being confused and because of his home for the week-end and I knew that I would not be able to bear it.  I tried to reduce the gulf and the conflict between us by talking in order to unite our worlds.  Result : hysterical mess, blinding and blaming.
The time I was at secondary school during the holiday I appeared live. I had always loved him, but never told him. When I saw him for the last time, I had the feeling that I had omitted so many things I could not do again. - There was a fly sitting on his forehead and he was too weak to drive it away. I was very sad when I saw that.
fter masturbation prepared for it.  However I failed because of my timidity.  After three attempts I still could not adapt to the atmosphere and failed as before.  I felt imcompetent and felt that the others would think that I had not prepared for it.
When I was 5, a few of my friends and I would light matches for was very sad, because I had nursed him and taken him to the veterinary's - but in vain. Although I had had him only for a short time I had liked him very much.
aw a blue film in a cinema eleven months old. I was only told about his death without knowing that he had been ill.
After being told that an ex-boyfriend had been hurt by my wearing have the next discussion ( I had many tests the coming week and could not have a meeting in between, I thought that they would understand this as they had always done).  They did not understand my problem and thought that I should not have so many other activities.  Their reaction made me burst into tears.
When I promised to visit my boyfriend and I didn't fulfil the manner.
hen one of my lovers told me that I was a flirt several days and we had got on very well. When they had left, I had a feeling of emptyness.
When one of my parents insinuates something about the other and failed attempts at reconciliation.  My sadness was caused by the irreversibility of the decision.
I felt guilty after hearing that my girlfriend with whom I had different ways for quite some time now, but the break was total when she got married as her husband is unreasonably jealous of me.
I was with a girl one night and then did not call her again, did not pass the final examination and had to take it again half a year later.
When my husband talked about the restrictions he will have to and understood how little one's work was appreciated.
When I broke up my relationship with my former girlfriend as she time to time.
I had spent the weekend visiting relatives and friends and didn't two years.  We had not finished our studies then and could not bear our responsibilities as her children.  My mother had tried her best to take care of us but she lived in pain these two years.  Neither the doctor nor we could do anything for her as cancer is incurable.  I was very eager to replace her in suffernig , even die instead of her.
 took french leave to do my homework process makes me sad.
During an argument with my brother, I behaved rather cupboard at school (boarding).
My uncle had promised to buy me a bicycle. As time went by and I to separate.
One day I was chatting with children at home. Then I took a lump stayed with them for two weeks. After two or three days, we had the same conflicts we had had ten years before when I had lived with them. They were glad when I left.
When I was very young, one day, I kicked my grandmother and together).
I arrived an hour late for an important meeting ( I had at every menstruation.
I was entrusted with an object and while using it I handled it books.
I told my elder brother that he was irresponsible and that I did developing this relationship and it was unsuccessful, I felt very sad.
I felt guilty one day when I was accused of running away from I shared his sadness.
I was on a concert-tour and therefor seperated from my to wake him up by telephone at twelve o'clock because we had come home late in the morning. Next day I called him - he was not at home. As something like that had happened to me several times before, I came to the conclusion that one cannot rely on anybody and I felt very sad.
When I was with a girl who seemed to love me, while I was with was more knowledgeable than me and I failed to explain my point of view and was misunderstood so I felt depressed and left.
When I came very late one night (or morning !) and my parents ten weeks to visit my brother and his family.
When I saw a program on Ethiopia on T.V, a fews hours earlier I favourite pop star.
 stole 5c from my mother's purse for a choo-choo bar - I was 6 had developed quite well and it was a pity as our friendship would fade.
Guilt - because I had not written to my sister for months before realized that he would have wanted to continue our relationship and the coming separation hurt him.
I took some money from my parent's house without asking them for examinations.
I called my little sister to make her pick up her toy from the our house. I hid because I did not want to frighten it. It limped. Some time later, when I thought that it had already run away, I saw it lying on our terrace. I came nearer and saw that it was terribly wounded. I informed the ranger who said that the roe must have been attacked by dogs. He had to shoot it.
When my parents quarelled over something I had done and which was with them.
As the only person in my family into academics, I ought to have mine.  He only thought about his own interest and not about our friendship.  This behaviour hurt his friends.  Another incident is when a friend isolated himself without giving any reasons.
I cannot recall feeling guilty in the near past read.  Also when I have a lot of work to do and I cannot keep up.
I was looking after a child and she fell down because I was not mutual consent.  The consequences were - unrestrained weeping, feelings of loneliness, hopelessness and disconsolation.  I felt that I should find a friend, to talk to joyfully and to forget.
I had told my boyfriend that I did not want to go on with our angry with me and I cannot help him.
My mother and father had forbidden me to ride my scooter on the bleeding.  She fell unconscious for three days and when I went to see her I saw the miserable state the family was in.  Moreover I could not do nothing for her.  I was very sad.  Finally, she died.
When I inadvertantly made some close friends and relatives feel different ways, perhaps never meeting again our friends from this year.
I felt guilty when I was found to be the chief leader of making alone and knows that the lonely arms of the night are not the same that one meets in the morning.]
I bought something and the shopkeeper gave me more change, I suddenly a friend came in and said ""Have you already heard
ailed to keep an appointment that...""; there was a terrible consternation, silence, then
hen I hurt a person's feelings everybody shouted excitedly ""How could that happen..."".
I once felt guilty when a certain passenger in the same (ship, disturbing way at school.  In addition his performance at school weakened.
I had arranged to meet my friends at a certain place, and I was take the child with her. This means a rather long distance for me. My whole family was sad and dumbfounded so that my own feelings were intensified.
O RESPONSE loneliness drains me.
Once I bought my sister a pair of sports shoes as she was going came on, I felt uncomfortable and tried to distract my parents attention by talking to them.
It was when I injured a friend accidentally with a stone. It made I realized that I was not wanted.  I felt hurt, disappointed, lonely and deserted.
ften I forget to give my immediate family birthday presents with him shortly before his death and the whole thing seemed very  sudden to me.
A girl whom I hadn't seen for a period of time told me that she college for our lecture and I saw him with her.  He put one arm around her shoulder and laugher brightly and joyfully.  I did not dare and did not want to look, just walked by them quickly.  The interest of talking to A disappeared and I just wanted to remain silent.  But I did not want A to know and so I left him and went to F.  I should have expected this to happen.
Some of my friends had an argument.  I had earlier phoned one was crying and I was sad, too.
During a discussion I reacted very aggressively and so I made it when I came home I enquired as to how it was doing.  My mother's expression told me that it had died.  My knees refused to support me and I began to weep convulsively.
I had a discussion with my girl-friend. After some time we time so as a defence mechanism I just found that I felt so sad about it and couldn't talk to anyone.
When I got fired from a job because I gave a discount to a by would-be  in-laws.
When I discovered that the girl I was courting was a relative of Holidays.
I accused my husband of being late deliberately when he came to there had grown a certain distance between us.
As I could not be home before midnight I called home at 11.30 and but I had not provided enough information and had run short of time.
While quarreling with my brother I broke the glass door of the also a long time after that, we did not know how he would get over it. During all that time I felt very sad.
I left a boy with whom I was going around without giving him any the ceremonies held in the church and not really the death of my grand-father which made me sad.
hen I broke something and a friend of mine was blamed Stockholm when my father called me at 7 o'clock to tell me that my uncle had died and that I would be seeing him off on his final journey within four days.
hen I committed the sin of immorality mentioned before support and made me laugh, found myself alone for days on end.
hen I lost something that was valuable to my sister and I was very disappointed thinking that it was hopeless to continue at college.  I did overreact.
I feel guilty when when I realize that I consider material things song from the nineteenth century which is against alcohol.  Both the melody and the word (although naive) effected my emotions.
Carried out a vandalistic act on some windows at an old army standard 8 exams for the third time.
I went to a pub with a group of friends (not very close) and at the same time for an examination I had to repeat; my boyfriend went to Greece for a holiday for a month.
One time I felt guilty when I told one of my previous boyfriends a close relative of mine.
I borrowed money from a friend and did not pay back the debt when untimely at home.
In the begining of teenage, on the matters of sex - speaking lived with her for several years).
 situation where I stole a friends wife's wallet accident and was admitted in hospital.
I could have passed the last exam of the public competition, but about it, I was very sad. It took years until I resigned myself to it.
 lied to one of my best friends always won in competitions, but once I was only at the fourth place.
I felt guilty when one of my secondary teacher left me while I miss it, it reminded me of my own mother and how dreadful it would be to be her in the same situation.
I had promised to visit my girlfriend but for different reasons a coma for six days in a hospital before he died.
fter an argument with a friend of mine I felt totally helpless.
When I broke off with my boyfriend after three years.  It was class mates prepared to clebrate their motive in life which was ""life is merriment"".  I felt depressed about the way they sought
A girl dropped some stuff from her bag and when I tried to help happiness.
I had an argument with my boyfriend.  It was my fault but my original major was Chinese language and it blocks my way.  I have to face many problems at the sametime and I do not know what is real and virtuous.  I do not know if I am not interested in Chinese or if there are other factors which make me sad.  I am not very clear on what I can do for the study of Communication and Journalism.  I am not clear about what I can do.  What are the limitations ?   I hesitate but I feel more adjusted now.
I am not very affectionate and I feel guilty as I do not give as else and that we would not meet again for a year.  Although we did not have a steady relatioship, we were having an affair.
I had promised myself that I would do one good deed every day.  losing our dog in a traffic accident.
 was caught sneaking sweets problems one can not manage.  Thoughts revolve around failing the subject and the consequences it would have for the future.
osing my temper with my spouse a week and was only crying. I could not find the courage to go to bath.
ecause I had not studied that I would never see them again.
Before going to school I usually take something to eat right at would have liked to live longer. I was also said because I was confronted with the fact that I would die one day too.
I was unfaithful to my partner once when he was working abroad fellow worker.  Later, I visited my former fellow workers and was told that, while in the army, my friend had shot himself.
 Never felt the emotion. them.
I joked with an unfamiliar friend in an obstinate tone.  I was my fellow mates.
Leaving University in 1982 following exclusion and lying to experience which was changing his whole way of looking at life etc.
At my temporary job, I have to restrict  others' actions and make legs were crippled so that he could not move very fast. Once I came into the room, did not notice him and stepped on him. A few days later he died.
I felt guilty of revealing a secret to my in-law. I told her that she walked across the tarmac to get on the plane and she looked back at us.
When I still went to primary-school, I went on a ski-trip with my passed away I was very sad for the children were not even sick before death but suddenly died.
One night, after having decided to finish our relationship, I time.
hen I had drunk too much and nearly got an alcohol poisoning gave them money.
When I stole money from my mother and she asked me later if I was Good"".
When my pet dog,who was to us a family member, died.  He had been father divorced about 15 years ago) means that she will probably move to Turku, and our home, which is a one family house, will be sold (I myself have not been living at home for the past six years).
When I had lied, saying that I never take bread from the dinning playing in the garden.
I have chosen to put my son in a private school were the content of the experiment and did not know how to do it.
By fun I had a tussle with my sister. Suddenly I obviously hurt than anyone else because he does not realise how much love and happiness there could be between them, and is, and how much he is damaging himself apart from mum.
I entered the hostel this year.  My mother was ill and could not time, but nevertheless her death came unexpectedly. I did not and I still do not want to believe that it is true.
 had shown anger toward my dog and he was killed later that day any result.
When my brother had to spend all evening repairing a gear-lever aunt's shoulder (I had never seen my grandmother cry before).
I had to take care of a neighbour's child. I did not look after died.
Our association had Polish visitors and when they were going back refused to accept my Christmas present and I tried to forget her.
A few days back my mother was not feeling too well and still did enclosed.
 said something which was against my conscience living with them).  He recovered relatively well although he had to retire (which implied relief from the stress of a small scale enterprise).
A neighbour complained about smoke from my backyard incinerator friends did not care for me.  Although I could still be with them I felt unimportant.  I deeply thought about the reason behind this so as to see who was responsible for this.  Finally I made up my mind and decided not to expect too much from them.  I was sad when I decided that they were no longer my good friends.
I felt guilty when the truth was known about my impregnating the bad feeling in my stomach and I felt as if I had lost something very precious.
Not speaking to my sister-in-law due to lack of interest in a decided to be legally separated.
When I failed an exam for which I knew that I had not studied nature.
 did not deliver a message on time solution immediately but was blocked by many difficulties.
Guilt at having pressed another person to expose/explore his would not be coming back home for a long time.
hen I shouted at my mother when she was nervous and depressed was not present either to see the person or to try to share my emotions with other friends.
I wasn't able to see my girlfriend on her birthday and because I how one wants to try something else.  When I read a theoretical book in English that I did not understand.
I felt guilty at not having practised the piano.  I waste my tried my best.  Then I started wondering about my abilities for the major subject.  However I did not know how to choose my major subject if I were to change it.
y younger sister was almost run over by a lorry closest friend.
When I didn't notify someone that he was summoned by a headmaster had been expecting.  I was sure that I was sufficiently qualified.
I had to take care of my little brother. When I met a friend I I saw his body I was sad beyond words.
I had an argument with a friend of mine.  She would not let me to my mother.
When I decided to take a week s holiday without consulting the saw the far reaching environmental destruction caused by man.
When I cheated my father and told him that the school very much.
hen a friend of mine was beaten for what was my fault fault and I feel depressed as I miss the car.
[ No answer as I see very little difference between shame and birthday I put a present in her mailbox.  I had spent two days choosing a suitable present for her.  I waited for a few days and there was no reply from her; at last I received a thank-you card in my mailbox.  On the card there was only my name, the words thank-you  and her signature.  I was very sad then.
 I have not felt this emotion. family relationships caused by it.
I was keeping a friend's Library book which went overdue. My thought about the sad incident that had happened to them in the near past; I knew that they were thinking about it too when I made the call.
My father caught me having sexual intercourse with my closest relationship by letter.
hen my uncle and my neighbour came home under police escort research group of the Chinese university student union.  I knew a lot of CV students there.  A year later one of them was travelling in mainland China and he got T.B.  He died a few weeks after coming back to H.K.  We all got together for the funeral and when I looked at the body for the last time I felt extremely sad.
When I had an argument with my grandfather the day my younger I felt sad about the coming several years.
When ,due to hunger and tiredness, I became generally irritated she had treated him in a mean and nasty way. I was surprised because in front of other people she had always treated him in a friendly way. I am very sad about it.
When my brother ran away from home and I thought it was because prepare so many expensive things for her but only to learn at last that she would not turn up.
I saved up money for a good purpose. As I also have to organise a and told me that she had dated another one.  My heart seemed to cease beating.  I was silent for some time and then I whispered goodbye and left without turning back.
When I talked to another student about the notes she got last currency to buy the yournals in your reference list.
When I beat up a first year student at my secondary school in It was a lovely cat.  It had been ill for one or two weeks and the veterinary surgeon had told us that it was dying.
I had shouted at my younger brother and he was always afraid when picture director, on the radio.  I had planned to go and see his last film.
With a group of handicapped people we went to a party. When we and I found that I had failed it.
One day I found an incontinent man in the ward. This patient had a This happens frequently. The last 24 hours before my departure are always very depressing.
A friend of mine had a bicycle-accident because I pulled at his when he was sick.
I had to decline an appointment which had been very important for was told he passed away. He had cancer of the Oesophagus.
When I have sometimes been unfair to my parents, when I have because she was suffering.
I was in a sanatorium. In front of me a boy fell down from his poor - far from what I had expected.   I thought that I would not be accepted at the university.
I had to tell a collegue the time for an appointment with another with my parents.
When I beat up my brother so badly, for not having gone to school, poor.
When it was discovered that I had done the assignment at my work close to me.
y wrong behaviour made my loved one feel sad and uneasy term by one point.  The fact that exactly the same thing had happened last term did not help.
I had a quarrel with near persons. I said many ill-considered taking care of in hospital had passed away. He had some abdominal pains.
When a classmate wanted to sit down, I pulled his chair away, so other activities.  We both play in different bands and rehearse in my parents garage.
 No response. relationship could not carry on, so it was no surprise to me. And anyhow, I had known it would happen sooner or later.
That evening when I opened the songbook while I was singing the feeling well and was sent to the hospital.  I was scared that she would die, and all night I was very sad and did not dare to close my eyes.
When my friend needed my help very much and I, at that moment, made boyfriend.
A friend who was 22 years old, died of leukemia; I had not known war.
hen someone is accused or punished instead of me members did not have any special feelings, they said that he was already 80 years old.
I felt guilty because I had not accomplished a thing as well as I her predicament from the window.  She was given a the cold shoulder.
I was alone at home when I broke a figure and then mended it.  A intended to win.
I got up late and I could not go to my lessons on time.  When I and has only a year to live.  I  heard about it 6 weeks ago.
At a party, several comments were made about the personal mine and although I didn't get it, a kind of suvenir that people don't give you the right to have.
When I sided with my mother in a quarrel she had with my father and did not know what had happened.  The weeping of my relatives and my tears made me sad.
I wrote a bad letter to someone concerning our relationship which English.
Someone had to do a lot of efforts to make something work. With we first met I felt excited but I wanted to avoid him after we had met a few times and so I proposed that we stay apart, I felt very sad then.
 No response. than China.
When I laughed at a lame man walking down the road, it looked several employers, after several years of dedication I was dismissed by a new chef, saying that I was incompetent.
I had told a person unpleasant things in a bad manner. He was home home reading about it in the newspaper and I thought of our interaction and how it was no longer possible.  The limited scope of human life is sad.
When I told the driver at my workplace to lie and tell the boss the result was announced I feared that I would fail.  Finally I got a D and as the results of the other subjects were not all      good I felt a little sad.
I have a two-month old baby.  When I came here, to the himself as well as he should - Dad and we all helped as much as we could, but it didn't save him from himself. It was an unexpected death. His second de facto wife was lucky she wasn't jailed.
 Do not remember any incident. about her death, I was not as touched as at the funeral. I really became conscious of her death at that moment.
When I do or say something inappropriate which hurts people close back to know what she wanted and she told me that she had dialled the wrong number.
ittle contact with my father before he died always helps me to come round and at the same time to judge if it is worth. Very often this feeling is caused to me by people - friends who I love and respect.
When I didn't bring my girlfriend home one night. Later she told years.
I felt the emotion when I fought somebody who was drunk and tried the window: the childhood, something was going away forever this summer, I was leaving my home, I was going to study in another town, for the first time I was leaving my parents, friends, I had to manage myself, a long and loved period of my life was over - I was crying.
When I cheated my trusting girlfriend by telling her that I was a in Poona.  After her wedding I felt sad.
hen I was caught going out with another girl by my girlfriend responsible for.  I feel very sad as it was not my fault.]
 stole carrots and got caught.  I had to apologize to the owner got separated an year ago and when comparing him with my present one with whom things are not much of a success.
When I told my boy-friend, who loved me very much, that I wanted a deep grief at the end of my eleventh form.
Flirting with other girls while I already had a very good lonely.
I felt guilty when I tore a photograph I found at my boyfriend's feeling always when leaving for Sofia, but the last time it was quite strong.
When I was parking my car I was not cautious and bumped into was very happy.  But she did not turn up.  Thank God, there were some other friends there and I was able to have a more or less good time.
When I caused problems for somebody because he could not keep the which I had listened before together with friends.
hen I got very drunk and really misbehaved at Christmas controversial topic.  At one point of the argument I disagreed with her totally and I took what she was saying as an insult.  So I couter-argued and unknowingly hurt her emotionally, I felt very sad about this.
I felt it when playing I pushed my brother and he fell down happened ten days before her wedding.
There were old people in a crowded bus and I did not have the it and also feel sad.]
Once when I complained I caused a great discussion between my hospital for some tests. My mom told me when she picked me up one weekend from CAL to take me home.
In an exam when I answered the questions with very little my unrealized dreams in the sport. Anyway there I spent six years of my life.
I ate a Runeberg's cake, though I knew that I would immediately received a score below the average and I thought I had done very well.
hen I had a little accident with my boss'car was very sad.
hen one has neglected or been unjust to a good friend home.
My father had been alone for a long time because my mother and offended to provoke a reaction from the police.
When I forgot to cook something that my mother had told me to, realized that we would never watch sunsets again, probaly never see eachother again and none of it mattered.
I encouraged my brother to play football and he was hurt while boyfriend for a week after an argument because of unfounded jealousy.
Once when I was in the cell group (religious activity) I found before my birthray.  We were very close to each other and I felt very sad at loosing a close friend.
I do not have the time for other people's problems.  My went to live in Sofia.
My mother always evokes feelings of guilt in me. For instance long time, pre-kindergarten relationships behind.
I argued with my father on matters concerning marriage. express my feelings as I think that they must suffer a lot.
 pointed a failure of a friend of mine concerning pensions.
When I was driving my motorbike I went into a bend incautiously as they are when you are young.
One evening I went fishing with some friends but we could not knowing the real cause of what had happened.
When I was caught with another man's wife.  I had taken the I had not done very well. When the results came out I felt sad as I had missed the 1st class by 12 marks.
My sisters asked me to fetch them at a discotheque which is 5 km going because it was late and I would be back in the next few days anyway. The next day she was killed in a road accident.
I borrowed a piece of music of someone and I always forgot to clear that he didn't want to continue in the same way. He choose his girlfriend (also a friend of mine).
hen I could not fulfill my expectations grandmother became very sick. She passed away a few months later.
For the above: guilt at not living up to my own moral recently. I can't remember a concrete example. I will describe my general impression from severl situations which evoked this feeling in me.
When I was late for work and told my boss that it was due to injection).
hen my behaviour was immoral - thinking about sex I don't see her even for two or three days.
I felt guilty about talking negatively, and agreeing with a the first time that I lost a brother.
Our class had organized a picnic in November.  I was the class days. There was nothing I liked in that period.
When I was 4, we spent our holidays at the seaside. My sister and his fault nor mine.
I was in a cafe with another person when, suddenly, several close free time with my boyfriend. I hardly see my old high school friends. I had several bad incidents with my 2 past best friends.
hen I hit my young sister without a valid reason realised that I could feel very jealous of other women because of my boyfriend.
Before an accident, my aunt offered me the front seat of the car, school-girl I was day-dreaming. Later (after 3 years) we left each other. No one was to blame but I felt deep sadness. Even now I remember about it quite often.
I had promised my friend to take her to an important appontment relationship with a girl who was not very constructive to establish a firm relationship.
Having suffered a not very pretty sight, I reacted by uttering had to get separated again.
he results of the mid term examinations were very poor wrong, I felt sad, because it's desagreable when a relationship is ending.
My mother had sent me to buy a few things.  The change I brought reciprocated.
I felt very guilty when a student, sitting in front of me in the her father died of a heart-attack.  I knew him well and felt bad on hearing of his death.
When I was about 14 years old, I ""borrowed"" a can of drink from idea of looking after babies and she felt quite oppressed. The fact that I couldn't help her caused grief to me.
I hit my cousin badly after she threw away my dresses in a appointment with a doctor and before meeting the doctor he expired - a poor small boy from Uttar Pradesh.
One saturday night I did some meaningless work and went to bed myself very unhappy for a long time.
In Biarritz (the South of France) I met some English students illness, and a relative of mine disheartened me about it.
hen I was bluffing in front of my mother to get more money I had done and hurt that person and myself.
 I have not felt this emotion in my life. they clearly showed that they thought I was naive, dull and unable to take care for myself, while I expostulated that I could manage things.
 I do not remember any event when I felt guilty. His shape forced me to mercy killing (an injection).
As a child - accidentally stepping on a pet guinea-pig - it having walks with their children.
[ When I act thinking that I know everything and I then realize was at the boarding school and was only 13 years old.
When I shirked the gymnastic lesson I met the director of our ""explanation"".
I ""snapped"" very abruptly at my mother when she said something room while my father explained that the way she saw things was not correct. I had done things with the best intentions.
During my holidays I had a boyfriend who turned away from me died. When I visited my friend at home and when attending the funeral I felt very sad.
When my father told me that I should help my mother more often, not make it to the second year.
I felt guilty when I said bad things to my sister, I had not I am alone.
 Can not think of anything just now. we inevitably split in the two extremes. It is sad that I myself don't know what to do, I try not to hurt either of the ""parties""
I saw a neighbour, from the same appartment block as me, lying    because there are conflicts to which one I should belong.
I spied on my fiancT and was terribly jealous. Later I saw that about another boy with whom she had been going around some time back.
When I was a child I often quarrelled with my younger sister. More specifically, I felt sad after hearing the news of a death of a person who was hale and hearty and full of life, with vigour and plans for the next day but had no next day to cherish it.
When I had wrongly explained someone an important exemple for an I loved him very much.
 Not applicable. wanted.
Last year I was asked to look after my niece while her mother was as I believed that he was the only true democrat and a ray of hope on the Indian horizon.
 made another person cry for an unjustified cause father and my sister, the aggression continued, when my father tried to put me and my sister against my mother revealing facts that had happened in the past like a talk between my father and his mother in law where she told him that my mother was not quite save.
riend's fiancT left her for me heartily.  She was not able to control the knife and stuck it deep into her hand.
eeting a male friend with whose wife I was having an affair and he had not informed me about it, this made me sad.
Once I worked as a designer. A fitter was hard hit in a damage friend called saying that his father had died in an accident.
I have cut loose from my father a few years ago. I know he is appearance.
My patient died of Anaemia while I was organising blood a person had finished.
 caught a close relative with the servant of the house unfortunately he failed to get admission.  We had done our graduation together and are quite involved with each other, so we had wanted to do our Masters degree together.  However, it did not work out as we had expected it to and this saddened me.
Many years back I quarrelled with my younger brother for a small we laughed, we enjoyed each other. She desappeared for a few minutes, and a little after appeared with an other man.
When I was made to feel responsible for the emotional state a friend of not tell me.  They told me that they did not have my phone number but I do not think that this was true.
I was in grade seven and my class was planning a protest against school of my choice.
 broke my friend's badminton racket and she kept quiet about it cry as I thought of a friend of mine whom I had not seen for a long time.
Leaving a friend of mine alone at a dance - I felt I should have car accident.   He was bringing me a present as I had passed my form five exams with flying colours.
Promising someone to do their job and then not being able to do this to happen and was sad for a few months.
hen I noticed the negative changes in a friend's behaviour home, I felt very sad.]
My friend had written a letter to me, the contents of which I been writing to each other for a long time.  The last time I went to her city, just to see her, I was disappointed to see how great the distance between us was.
etraying someone's trust the older one died a week later.
I rejected a person whom I had always thought to be a friend.  I not up to my expectations and I missed admission in engineering.
I felt guilt when my friends were punished to slash grass at the suicide.
In a situation with my girlfriend I took a decision.  Later when the S. Paulo University were published and I didn't find my name on the list. Entering this University was my greatest wish, and  the fact of not having succeded caused a great frustration, and not only sadness.
After I had cheated my parents that I had lost my textbooks so with her and not with me.
In September 1984 I got two girls pregnant and the families of few years back.
I had wasted some time instead of doing something I needed to do determinate person. We do many things for a friend, and we see soon after, that he doesn't do anything for us, nor thinks of us.
I cut a friend's hair in anger, without any consideration. died.  The next day my granny died (my mother's mother).  My dad remains the only living member of his family.
I beat up a female friend after I heard the defamatory stories that in an other city. We have gone steady for 2 and 1/2 years and everything is going very well, but sometime this situation makes me feel bad and very lonely.
I happened to have met one of my teachers in town during working different commitments concerning life and career.  I loved her as a person but could not agree with the life the future would demand.  Parting from her was very sad.
 No response. an impulse and this person didn't feel that about me. The person expressed regret, and everything was settled, but I can't forget.
Against the will and without the approval of my parents I went consequences of the Vietnam war.
I felt guilty of having suspected my room-mate of stealing the of Mexican people died.
I promised to join a meeting but did not turn up as I did not grandmother, who I loved very much, died after an illness.  She  died a few hours before the convocation.  While I was attending the convocation I had to control my grief as she would not have liked me to miss it.  It was a day she had been waiting for, but did not get to see.
Incomprehension and repression towards a child's behaviour, afterwards I regretted it because he became sad.
A friend of mine felt bad because of something I had done to felt very sad leaving home.
When a crawling child got burnt because of my negligence to keep night. When I reached the intended place I saw my beloved in another man's arms. A sudden blow, grief, I cannot qualify it, it is painful for me to remember about it.
I once stole my father's money and denied having done it. Instead felt very bad about it as this was the first death in my family and then I learned slowly to understand to life.
hen I took the car of someone without saying it to him about my friends and relatives. I felt sad and I wanted to see them as soon as possible.
We owned a shop and I used to serve in it occasionally. We when you are away from home, too.
When I was 17, I told Mum I came in at midnight, when really it either of them, so I had to change my plans.
hat I didn't take the time to make an appointment with someone demonstrations.
When I lost my study grant without having attended any exam in sorority which I did because I was ashamed.
Once, I accidentally injured a boy in the eye and he almost lost stop it - at least I think so.
hen I lied to the physiology teacher abroad.  I felt happy for her as she was achieving something by making the trip, but I also felt sad as I would not be seeing her for a long time.
 do not study enough as I do not understand it properly accident.
When a patient in the ward died (one who had been under my care). appreciated.
At school, I did not tell the teacher that it was me who but in the last moment he phoned and said that he could not come.
When I pulled a chair from under someone at kindergarten and he to.
hen I nearly got my fiancee pregnant the farewell party day.  I felt sad to leave behind my beloved teachers and friends.
I took Pharmacology books from my friend's desk without that she wanted all the snaps that she had given me in exchange for the ones I had given her.
he time that I had to put my dog to sleep sadness.
One day when I was working, I went out for dinner with friends to organize a play as a student (15 years).  Instead of materializing, it fizzled out.  The worst thing was that the play fell apart completely and I found myself weeping uncontrollably.  Now when I think of it, I laugh it off; but at that time it was intense.
When my friend ended up pregnant by a gentleman whom I considered person. Some time ago I lost a man whom aI greatly respected.
One day I took my playmates to the river to swim and play. One which was 1 metre high.
I was once called in court in Zemba Traditional court to answer a depended heavily on them for their guidance and the running of their daughter's buisness.
When I cheated my father about the book allowance at university.  did nothing to relieve the situation.
At one time while at primary school I lost a pencil case of a after an accident.
When I got associated with a boy one year ago, I neglected my to live in a three room flat together with two more families. The discords caused a change - one of the families moved out. The other family stayed with us but I drifted away from my fiancT. In fact we were two families in the flat. Then I found myself alone in the struggle for this life because my fiancT did not stay next to me my grief and sorrow took on large proportions. I wanted to commit suicide but instead I threw myself against the cause of the irritation.
 refused to lend my homework to a friend West Indies for two years and I was staying behind.
ot giving up something for Lent evening and I was alone all night in my room trying to remember the face of my father.
I went to my boyfrien's house. There I found clothes of a certain home.
When I don't go to my parents on Sunday and phone them to tell holidays.
 No response. car accident.
I had promised to do a task for someone that was close to me, and failed and so I felt very sad.
We always made a lot of noise during a certain lecture.  This may friends and that he was dead.
It is some years ago when my mother found me stealing relish in understand I felt miserable.
hen I overate at lunch and and my Easter holidays.
Feeling guilt after greed, buying chocolate and pigging out to after several months. I was really sad because he was a lovely person and I did not have the means for his company.
 spread abroad an intimate secret although I was glad that he had found what he wanted, I was very sad at my own personal loss, since I had always hoped we might one day reconcile.
I had a quarrel with my father. He was depressed, because about it and my feelings, the consequence with my parents. They try to repress it.
Failure to complete medical course as a result of failing fourth heart-rending at the time. My first lover (I was 15) just rang up one day and announced that he had found another woman. I never saw him again and it hurt because I was positive that it was ""TRUE LOVE"" !!
I had an appointment with a friend. I promised him to meet with it for a week. It had to be force-fed and carried in a fur pouch under my jersey. My father had the vet put it to sleep as he said they carried diseases.
A good friend of mine who is at the moment in a foreign country. probably would die. We had not expected this because he was always very healthy. Fortunately he survived because we, in turn, gave him medicines during the night.
When I told my uncle a false story - that people had stolen the UCB for one semester, but would be living in San Jose.
[ When I break someone's things out of carelessness, or do something  other family members crying.
 No response. work, only loneliness.
This is a kind of confession - my mum found me stealing meat from for a long time, she was 17 yrs old.
I had a small argument with a relative and some other people got clubbed/spiked to death by Canadian seal-hunters. Brutally graphic B) Description of a disfigured orphaned child in Hiroshima calling for her mother.
I was to take a test and I had not made the necessary preparations baked great biscuits. She was in the hospital but expected to improve and go home soon. She died in her sleep.
hen a close classmate failed a year our relationship.
I ate 12 biscuits one night after tea while watching TV - I don't in hospital.
When I realized that not all my friends like the comments that I hospital: the last month on intensive care of the Academic Hospital, then he died.
hen I took drugs the group around us of advances I had made.
I was of the opinion that 12.00 pm was too early to be back at my father.  As I loved my mother I wanted to go with her.
I was driving a friend's car, and I got close to the pavement to but they were a close friend and I later regretted it.
I was looking after my cousin's little daughter; she fell down, their way back from school and my brother was quite badly hurt.
When I was face to face with my deceived friend after sleeping flame more than me. At our confrontation tears were shed.
I was on a visit to friends who have a baby. The baby was crying during university examinations and therefore I was unable to attend her funeral.
When in grade 3, late home from school every day for weeks university.  The boyfriend refused his responsibility and they ended up in court.
I felt guilt towards my mother when I went to live on rooms in time.
When I applied for a false travelling claim allowance and later I time in hospital being opened and closed many times.
I was so excited once that I told my classmate that she was old, was no possibility of getting it.
I was at a boarding school during my primary school days. I was friend of mine I knew had cancer had been diagnosed as terminally ill.
When I became angry at my boyfriend without any reason. I know he that someone so close to me had died.
orced to fill in a questionnaire Farewell scene at airport.
hen I let a person assume a fault that I committed frustated that he attempted suicide - he drank bottle fragments.  I was very sad when I learnt this.
In an exam I answered the questions rather carelessly and years.
 No response. year of university.
eing catched when stealing mother who was very sick so I had to go and live with my aunt, who is very short tempered, till my mother was discharged from the hospital.
My friend came to the concert for my sake as it was me who had hoped to go out with her soon.
When I shoplifted a pair of earrings from Coles and my Mum caught having had a stroke, before his first daughter could be named.
When I finished a love affair where I was responsible of the sad I lost an important source of support, certainty and joyful moments. I cried very intensly when that happened.
My schoolmates were teasing a pupil who was not able to defend school back East. We are very close and have been together 4 years.
When I argue with my sister.  It feels sometimes that I have the longer. I do not regret it, but I missed my little sister very much (and she missed me). These feelings wear off over time.
I experienced it when I was accepted at the Medical Higher at the airport and my plane was just about so leave. After saying goodbye, I boarded the plane. It was the hardest thing to do and it was a sad trip home.
eing together with my best friend love with another girl, then he asked me something which implied that he loved that girl more than he loved me.
[ I feel a sense of joy whenever I complete a piece of writing cried for 6 hours off and on. I wanted to hide away and did for a few days.
After completing high-school, I wanted to go abroad for a relationship. Our relationship lasted two years, we shared everything and all this was finished.
 I can not recall one. had been ill for several days and had not eaten anything.  One morning I found it dead.
aving passed an exam home.
hen I was selected to come here suffered an aphasia.
 met a friend I had not seen for a long time on the street reproached me to be a ""subversive element"". Later on she stated
When I got the scholarship I was very happy as the finacial that this was due to my friends. As I see it, this all resulted from colouring my hair.
When I was complimented and called ""delightful"". her brainfunctions are disturbed. She will never be able to walk and she can hardly talk.
 A chat on the telephone with a friend. were terrible.
On my 18th birthday I passed the driving-test. I was glad because of mine.
hen I was told that I had passed the exams after having spend two weeks there with my friends.
When I heard my name being announced on the radio that I had been lecture.
Realizing one's desire, an experienced feeling of satisfaction became allergic to it. We gave it to a man who kept animals and lots of other animals for children to watch. We went to visit our rabbit. It was badly beaten by the other rabbits and eventually died.
When I found out that a set task (i.e. 2 essays and a test), the hepatitis. She was very sensitive. She knew my shyness and drew me out to improve myself image. I missed her funeral - so I could not publically grieve. My parents didn't understand.
I went to fetch my girl-friend at the station. When the train operation and I couldn't see her for a while as I was not a relative she had no relatives in N.Z.
This happened when it was finally confirmed that I had stood the tickets) because of a biology test which occurred the morning after.
 received a letter from a distant friend as I had to leave many friends and family members behind.
My sister had a daughter. I saw the baby for the first time as my mother was a solo-parent and had to work.
Some time ago I was present at the wedding party of two close father was still alive and when we watched football games on TV together.
When I got a letter offering me the Summer job that I had applied sight. This was her first child and she was not young (the mother that is).
[ During inter-rail-trip, after troubles, I met my little was accompanied with feelings of powerlessness (I also experienced sadness in the situation described under guilt).
During lectures, I sensed an unexpressed understanding with a boy of 10. When she died I was 13 and I remember the moment after the funeral: I sat on the table and cried.
I had a singing-lesson, but I was not very good. The last friend was.
I went to see the entrance examination results at university.  I father had died, during that conversation I expressed my displeasure because nobody understands me.
My friend came to see me after she had stayed abroad. I waited at boyfriend, I had broken the relationship for some reasons. Meanwhile, as I felt it, I had most sorrow.
The day I got to know that I would get a shared dwelling with my for one year.
assing a very difficult examination which I didn't expect - MCE thought she felt the same way too. But she didn't like the idea and just wanted to stay friends.
hen I was selected at TISS X papers.
I felt joy most strongly some years ago, when I took part in a using them again.á
I thought that I had failed an examination, but when I was in Lusaka.  This happened when he had gone to get the car which had been stolen in Lusaka.
I'm glad when I have good relations with my colleagues and most relationship of ten years was finished abruptely.
When I was 17, I had a mystic vision. I melted into a dazzling didn't know if she will ever be the same again.
Some time ago a close relative of mine got off cheap with the of us, all by herself.
coring a goal in football match of my own age, there were many of my own friends present, as well as her family etc.
I noticed that Meryl Streep and I had similar cheekbones and jaw the coach said that I should sit out for the season. I felt really sad because I wasn't going to be able to run. It was something I always had done and now I couldn't do it anymore.
I wrote a difficult Exam at one time while in my Secodary School. who had passed away about a month ago.
[ On days when I feel close to my partner and other friends.  intense relationship I also had to leave the environment which was part of this.
hen I passed the grade 7 exam succeed a years-course.
One of my friends and I had breakfast in a restaurant. It was Because they had been sniffing glue and some were very young. I went into the role of a performing clown.
hen I had an anticipatory honey-moon with my fiancTe didn't know what to do and thought about it the whole day.
When my nephew was born. The birth was hard, it was a big baby. me verbally about my chosen partner. A man whom he discarded because his colour skin was not white. His ultimate disgust saddned me.
 found myself a place after looking for one for a long time a boy because they thought he was bad and irresponsible.
coared a goal in a football match suffered a lot from my grandfather's suffering health. She mentioned things she had gotten him and he would never use.
When I was in a situation which seemed hopeless for me, I moved death caused me more and deeper sadness than I thought.
When, for example, I was in my eleventh school year and I learned moment of dying I was with her.
On my birthday a friend came to see me unexpectedly and brought leave the city and come home about 12 months before I met a whole new set of friends, leaving them at the airport was sad and traumatic as they had helped me in many ways and I knew I wouldn't see many of them again.
When you are satisfied with something, when you achieve something had a stroke and was left paralysed on one side. She has been quite close to our family and to see her suffer in this way makes me feel really sad.
Day before yesterday my mother bought me a new pair of shoes, was unable to see this person because of the situation.
When I heard that I had passed my final examination at school going to build houses on the beautiful hills by my house.
The day I was happiest was the day when I received a phone call with me, but he refused I don't know why he didn't go with me, but I felt very lonely.
I was very happy when I discovered that I had passed my first accident.
Time had struck 8 o'clock when I heard from the radio that I had me.
I bought a Christmas present for my girl-friend. On my way home I a year. I was overseas and discovered over the phone (while I was at work).
Saw in TV that China had the most gold medals in the Asian pay her a visit when she expected me to come. Hereafter I was very sad because it became a real quarrel.
or instance when a girl is interested in me and likes me my early years, for the freedom and the carefree years of childhood.
On December the 28th I was filled with Joy when I was told by my most people in my surroundings.
motional reassurances by spouse can't remember a concrete example now. For example I have just parted with a friend of mine and I am feeling sad.
hen I was accepted at UNZA her exam.
I felt happy when I saw my brother at the bus depot after 3 died. The horse was very obedient and exceptional with children.
The inflammation of the ear of my child got cured and the doctor happened so that we left each other. I felt some sort of sadness, I think I can call it so.
I had just moved to the town where I study and I got a postcard visit them I had high expectations, but when I was there it was very different from what I expected.
The day I got a letter from the U.G.C informing me that I had unable to go because of registration.
When I was selected to start Form I at Chilumba Secondary School and I was at a student camp and I heard over the radio about the events that were taking place there.
At the pre-university, I was appreciated as an examplary dramatic expreience as it was the first time that I entered a mortuary.
To be able to prepare myself better for an important examination, had irrevocably gone away from me.
 passed an exam that I was absolutely certain that I had failed not married). My nephew, Anthony, was shaken. I was sad for him because a similar situation happened to me.
 night spent with a group of friends started to be worse after a while.
I passed my MCE Examination. at first I was worried but when I home town.
When I stood first in the B.A exams.  Earlier I had heard of that I had a scleral tear in my left eye.
After I had had a disappointment in my private life, my friend, into Auckland. It now seems as if I have left home - especially my family - forever.
Meeting with two of my friends I had not seen for 15 years. They care for the dog, Afthur, he bought for the family. His lack of concern lead tho Arthur's death on the freeway. I loved Arthur like a brother. He was easy to talk to.
y old friend visited me in the university life, got a cerebral hemorrhage.
The day I got a telegram telling me that I had been selected for no one else there to do it.
hen I got married illness was not known.
fter a long time I saw my boy-friend again instances summed up all the negative aspects of our relationship which at the time seemed doomed to fail.
 unexpectedly got a present from my father love with her. The same thing happened a few months earlier with another boyfriend.
I was happy when at difficult times I could find support in my sharing in the sorrow of her parents who were left behind.
While having a discussion with a colleague of mine, I realized that her prejudiced against at a counselling course on AIDS with 20 others.
eeing relations from overseas after a few years few days before and then one morning it was gone.
hen I won a trip to Greece in a competition I had not seen him for 10 years.
hen I had my first boyfriend blood. I didn't cry but I was sad, partly due to her death and partly I think, due to the fact that I couldn't/didn't cry.
I experienced this feeling when I was accepted as a student. California. From the time we decided to move until the time we left, I realized how much my friends cared for me. When we left and for a long time after that I was very sad.
My boy-friend told me that he would take me to the training of subject in this manner I will not attain this.
I experienced joy when I got the results - I had made it to the regatta we'd won. 5 others were in the car. I thought I'd never be able to row again.
hen I passed my MSCE Exams and was selected to go to college been very close and we would not be able to work with eachother any longer.
Unexpectedly I met some persons who I like very much. and the school. Sadness was intermingled with the other feelings.
I met again a very good friend whom I had not seen for a long I thought she was in love with me.
pontaneous picnic with sister and friend and children - great turned out to be untrue).
[ When I have achieved what I wanted to achieve, I feel the above was very sad about this, because I very much wanted to finish that training.
That was what I felt when I was finally accepted in the Bulgarian pumped because he had overdosed on pills.
hen I learnt that I was selected for form I psychology in Nijegen, because then we would not be able to meet frequently anymore.
eeting an old friend from high school feeling of sadness.
I sensed this feeling when I passed successfully the second tour She said that she couldn't commit herself fully to the relationship without going out with other people. I was her first boyfriend.
hen a student of mine (at music) performed and played remarkably well yrs after I took her to the doctor at the age of 1 and he diagnosed it.
Joining in a research group studying consumer's behaviour and relationship due to some circumstances between her and her family. I was really sad, hurt and couldn't really find any reason why am I still living. Is this life is all about ? This was one of few question which crept up vividly every time I thought about what had happened.
When I succeeded in achieving a scholarship for which I had the other person very much.
The day I got married was the happiest day of my life.  Both of well.
When I was admitted to a Language school. On the day when I was hitch-hiking to work.
I had not studied very much for my final examination at school, sorrow for the other one and myself (""although it was the best
fter each successfully passed exam I am happy solution"").
I was filled with joy when I heard that I had been selected for a friendly with. After her talking for some time with another girl I decided it wasn't her in fact that someone miming her, which it was when I finally looked. I was talking to a friend at the time.
The more than satisfactory result of a recently-completed visiting Europe of a cerebral hemorhage. It finally hit me an hour after we saw his corpse in the coffin. It felt like a door between himself and everything had closed and locked forever.
When I heard what mark I had got at the entrance examination and months ago. This made me very sad.
I felt joy when I heard over the radio that I had been successful because she was old, but because she lived in the last few years in an old people's home and had nothing very much that was hers - no chair, or private space, and when I went to visit she would be sitting in the ""lliving"" room the TV room. It was hopeless. And I
During my first week in Graz I met a girl who I had got to know felt awkward so I didn't go and I was sad 'cos how I couldn't.
At a success of mine, at a real achievement. feelings and then days later changed her mind.
When the results of the part I exams came out I felt tremendous younger brother.
I was seriously injured in a road accident. The very first steps who had to leave for her motherland.
hen we got a young dog days after.
When my daughter gave her solo dance performance in Poona and have the money to do it.
I felt joy when I heard my name being called on the radio as one Their plight was a source of sadness for me.
After I had been away for a long time a friend told me that I had that nobody cared about what was happening to me.
hen I got a letter from home discussing it with friends, family and the man involved.
Last year I went to see friends in Yugoslavia - two girls with I hopped in the car I hugged my mother and shook hands with my father. Sensing immediately my father's sadness, I also had a flood of the same emotion.
When I heard that I had passed Primary School Leaving Certificate brought to my awareness, that a close relative had passed away.
An encounter with a man whom I love, after a very long mother and was calling her by her name.  I was sad.
After having at last finished my master's thesis, I felt great city, I felt no longer ""under the wing"" of my parents even though
On my birthday, when a very close friend sent me a huge bouquet they would always be there to help me. I felt a sense of loss, I was now all alone in the world, responsible for my own actions.
I met a certain lady at Mchesi and I proposed a word of love to engineering, after having prayed one week in the church I was not even selected.
I got a letter from my best friend, whom I had not heard from for college, as I had 1% less marks than they wanted.
When the church choir came one Sunday after being away for some Having enjoyed his company immensely over 10 short days, I was overwhelmed by sadness when he left to return to Victoria.á
hina winning the Asian Olympic not know what would happen.
When I met my boyfriend and we discovered that we shared the same the medical stream and I felt sad about this.
After the term exams I happened to meet a person that I respect afternoon with a lover (plans which the lover cancelled), watching a movie and considering my life and circumstances - pressures of examinations in particular.
When I heard that a good friend, who had been abroad for a long and I wasn't approved in the second fase.
y boyfriend made me a proposal most pregnant moment of sadness was the next morning, just as the sun rose.
etting a phone call from a very old friend several months of mutual help and a profound knowledge of each other.
hen I met a good friend of mine after a long time I disliked.]
or the first time in my life telling someone I loved them She has two little boys, and they are very warm people (the family). At the time, I was in need of this sort of contact, and I grew very fond of children (no, I'm not a paedophiliac).
When I fell in love with ""X"".  Overnight I felt confidence, self-esteem,    Zambia closed badminton championships.
hen I passed the driving test after three failures my best possessions got burnt in there.
When we took out an 84 year old woman for the evening and had tutorial.
This happened when I went to check my first year results, I had  been eaten by the neighbour's dogs.  It had been locked out by my wife who claimed that it had dirtied the sheets.
I had a quarrel with my fiancT. When he admitted his fault, cancer.
When I had a psychical crisis, I met a girl, who told me that she having typhoid, he had to forgo his exams and also his ambition of doing a dissertation at the M.A level.  It was a very sad event for me and I felt very sorry for him so I volunteered to stay with him in the hospital.
y class winning against another class in a football match and they are together now).
When I made up with a girl-friend of mine after having been on low marks as compared to my friend and I could not get admission to courses like medicine.
I was in a dancing-tavern and the atmosphere was one of waiting cousins.  She said that I was very lazy and I felt so sad that I cried myself to sleep.
I met my girlfriend on the way and she joyfully welcomed me on lot for it.
One night, my boyfriend expressed his love for me in the canteen in to decide either the place nor the time.
 received a letter of acceptance from UNZA information that she had died.
When, after a long time of searching I got my first job. would have to endure so much labelling, stigma and discrimination, even though his case was relatively mild.
As the time to get the results drew near I became more and more sisters and at that time we were spanked a lot and I don't know why I started to remind of the spanks they and I had had, their shouts when this happened.
I felt joy when I red my name in the list of the approved in the manner.
aw on TV China winning the gold medals up to this moment my sadness is still on.
Can't remember specific event - besides just being moderately Zambia.
To have a friend who I didn't see for months, and under the telling me that they would not come on holiday.  I had arranged everythiing for them.
My son was registered to get admission in grade one of the         liked and respected most was earth, I thought that he had attained what he wanted and was not separated from it any longer.
Sitting alone in a quiet room concentrating on things happening things had been taken, His dad had died a little before this event.  He gathhered his children and vowed to give them a good life with a new start - the words were hollow, he bit back his tears .....I asked to be excused and then went and cried in the loo.
he time I first saw my cousin who is living in Tanzania present there and only got the news later.
When my mother was tremendous on the phone and we talked for to University and to the exams.
hen planning to marry Papua New Guinea. Despite the fact that I am closer to my father than to anyone else in my family, I had to move in with my mother, and say good-bye to my father, not knowing when I would see him again.
When I passed my Primary school leaving certificate and selected two years for a reason I don't know up to now.
I felt joyful when I heard that I had been selected for College and we were about to take the main exam.
When I received my TE Score and my acceptance from University - that he had been ill for a very time, when I received this message he was already dead.
hen a person that I like very much got near to me friends behind.
There was joy in me when I heard that I was to take a course as a a wallaby which, in its resultant flight, accidentally fell down a deep mine shaft. On investigation it seemed uninjured, but it was impossible for the wallaby to get out, and also for me to get it out of the shaft. To prevent its suffering a slow death, I shot it.
hen I got a wedding ring of diamond from the boy I loved mother's death ages ago. He is really quiet and because it relates back to his childhood I feel sadness for him. He doesn't lead a normal life and it just seems unfair.
In Southern Tyrol, I was gathering apples, it was a fine day, I person, I felt very sad.  That day I did not eat anything and kept thinking of her all day long.
hen I entered University from them for about three months.
I felt glad to live again when I went to a meeting about the ill at night and the next day he died in the evening.
I was at school whhen I received a letter from the dean of my England wrote us to tell that he had cancer of the lymph glands.
When you told everyone in the last lecture you will do all at home got sick suddenly. My parents took him to hospital. On the way he died. It came to me as a sad, sudden and shocking news and I felt very sad.
I felt it when I received a letter telling that I had been to take the exam after having studied seriously.
When I met again a great friend and talked a little while with a car accident.
When I worked as an ""au-pair-girl"" in London, I received a call my boyfriend was not really love. After almost three years being together, this matter of fact shaked me and I felt a great sorrow that I can call sadness.
A person whom I had not seen for a long time called me and was screaming at the top of my voice and was woken up by my friend.  That day I was really sad.
It was in December last year that I was chosen to come to this this experience was traumatic for both my parents and myself.
It was the first time that I gave a birthday present to my friend. what I was told about it.
 friend I had missed very much came to see me unexpectedly thieves in Kabwe.  They stole his van.
hen my child was born will ever be the same again.
I was filled with joy when I heard that I had passed my Secondary loved so much got married to another man before a rebuff from her.
ade a wonderfull new friend year and then injuring myself 2 weeks before the competiotion.
When finally I found a place to live, I felt relieved, predicting murder).
When I met a girl and asked her for a date and she agreed, (I He was not very old, which made matters worse. The actual death was horrendous, but the moving funeral saddened me more so.
The time when my sister had her first baby I was so happy and sad news telling me that my elder sister had passed away.
hen my first child was born out of seven (subjects).
hen I was accepted to study at this school I was very happy with the boy who is my best friend.
A friend of mine that is abroad undertook recently an axam to I'd known for up to 12 years.
The joy came to me when I heard that I was going to start a young.
I was travelling in the South of Brasil, near the end of the reaction to the students demands concerning the educational system.
When I received a letter from the university telling me that my then taken the elders owning the paw-paws.
When my brother was selected to the University of Malawi (the gave me a party and I had to say good-bye to them all.
hen I pass an examination which I did not think I did well we had spent the afternoon playing and discussing life and it's problems.
I was selected to come here (University, College) when I was least probably all go our separate ways, and none see one another for a long time.
I was in grade 7.  We had an inter-house volley-ball competition. was within the row of students who were making noise.
When my brothers had passed all of their exams and were able to  very sad.
etting a part-time job die, but for several weeks we thought he might have to be put down.
 boy I had been admiring so much asked me to go out with him was in hospital.
I most joyous moment was the day I got my marks.  I was very ""indepth"" relationship and so after feelings of grief and loss
When I was told that I was selected to attend Medical Assistant were over I felt an immense sadness.
hen I knew about my first job a sore on the leg.
When I opened my TE Score envelope, and saw I got into time I think of it I am saddened by the loss of my mother.
y boyfriend returned after a long absence failed the exams.
The way this particular girl spoke, behaved, and reacted the failed.
When my last year's second semester results came through - I was a hit-and-run motorcycle accident.
I received money from my father at a time when I was completely between my parents.
I made the college entrance examinations for P.U.C. It was what I home. One day she wrote me that she'd visit me. On her way she had a car accident and was badly injured. I was very sorry to see her lying in a bed in the hospital.
ood news about a sick relative attacking me.  I started crying in my sleep and then my room-mate woke me up.
hen I met my girlfriend - I had not counted on that was not to be given school fees because I didn't go to work in the garden since I had gone to escort my sister to the bus depot.
When Wayne and Sue (close friends) were announced our guardians holidays.
On holidays - just driving along a road beautiful scenery. Just that I was not selected to study in the University of Malawi.
When I was accepted for my third year (G-10) at my former due to his failure in a number of subjects and simply didn't know what he had to do.
When I passed standard 8 exams I jumped, rolled over the ground. esteem.
When my present boyfriend asked me initially to go out with him I lonely, helpless, without support, not knowing what to do.
I was emotionally happy when I was in love with the girl I had passed and went to secondary school. In class I was always getting more marks than they did.
When I met a good friend after a long time. We had had a quarrel planning to go and visit him during the next holidays.
My father stayed abroad for one year. He does not like to write to UNZA.
When I was in Form 4, at Secondary School, I was elected as a the only man who was supporting my parents as well as myself.
When I saw my brother in Church, and publically accept Jesus months because of the friendship which developed and our approach to each other in occasional instances of several personal crises.
It was when a friend took me to a place and gave me as a gift my taught me in Standard 8.
After sitting for the Standard 8 Exams for the second time in girl this Summer.  We had been going out together for four years and we had not done so for the last three months.  I could not believe it.
In a day when at work, in school, and relationships came out as I and into a situation of loneliness.
After passing my Malawi Certificate of Education Exam and being rest.
The day I received the key of my apartment and we could enter in attack.
At a choral concert I appeared as a solist. The concert5 was very and that she would never come back.
It was in 1983 September when MCE results were being announced on car accident and the second one recently, due to an illness.
hen I got the first compound through column some of my relatives had died in an accident.
hen I had my children my name was cancelled on the list of nominees of those who were sent to Kenya for Training.
When I heard that someone who is very close to me did very well instantly.  He had gone to buy a new car and had asked me to wait at his home so that I could see his new car.
When I finished my exams after 12th Grade, I was worried about friendship as lovers with my girlfriend and I was very sad because I didn't expect that girl to disappoint me I regarded her as being very faithful.
I have a girlfriend, who is almost like a daughter to me.  She is brother was in a coma in the U.T.H suffering (kidney disease) and two, that my uncle met with an accident on his way to the hospital  to see my brother.
I went shopping with my parents - my father payed everything for sad moments when I sat for Standard 8 Examination and I was not selected for Secondary School education in 1978.
inning Queensland Chess Championship because of my foolishness.
I have a boyfriend and I am very fond of him. When we had our death of my father.
Two years ago, somebody I like very much wanted to give up his sadness was so great that until today I remember everything about that day, from the clothes I was wearing to the reactions of people, the despair of my mother and brother. It marked me a lot and was the greatest sadness I felt.
hen I was selected to start Form I at Malosa Secondary school Barley Jumbe, had lost very expensive new sports short trousers.
This happened a year when I was having a hard time, I got didn't get approved.
After a weekend at a seminar I saw my husband again. I hurried match a mile away from home. The mail found me there. I was disappointed and didn't play the other half of the match.
y admittance to the University soporification.
I was joyful when I received a present (2 books and a pencil) telling me that my father passed away on the previous day with a history of cancer of the oesophagus. This time I was doing my third year of my Secondary School.
I had the unexpected possibility to see a friend I like very be coming.
assing an exam I did not expect to pass this he was a fine person. Months later I knew that he died tragically in a moto accident. He was very young, and I felt sad and couldn't believe it (until today).
Joy of giving birth, and of sharing that joy with my husband. family.  I felt sad because I thought that if my mother had not gone away when this brother was younger, things would have been different.
When I was a child, my beloved cat gave birth to four beautiful myself close to him as I never felt before. After some time his mother demanded the care of the kid and we were obliged to send him back.
hen I passed the TOEFEL with very good marks student like me.
When I achieved my first 6 at University after a long string of attention.  She keeps up appearances but shows almost no interest in me.
The weekend after I argued with my parents I went home again and with cancer of the Oesophagus.
y first kiss suicide. She had just left hospital, her lips were trembling, she looked miserable.
When I got admission in M.Sc (I) Organic Chemistry, I was very her.
When I heard that I had passed my MCE Exam, I spent the whole passed away.  I felt lonely and bad because apart from the         biological ties, he was a good old friend of mine at home.
Seeing a close friend who had just returned from twelve months usually paid school fees had passed away after a very short illness.
I was very joyful when I heard that I had passed the standard 8 way I would like to, even that I knew about his feelings for me.
Receiving a very personal letter from a lady that I like, which failed the FUVEST. It was for me the most frustrating situation because I had studied all year long, and only thought about this.
The moment I got the news that I had been selected for the U.G.C really pittied him and the situation made me feel sad.
One day I did not feel very well and I wanted to talk to she had been sick for years, but when it happened I found it hard to accept.
eing in love for the first time she was facing.
Receiving notification that I had made a successful application an operation.
It was about a fortnight ago, I was declared successful in the news when I was coming back from a party on the 24th at 5 am.
When my brother came back home after staying in hospital. He had was the last of my grand parents to pass away.
hen I was successful at my work I was full of joy people who entered at the University and my name wasn't there.
I received a letter and a Christmas present from a person I had on the platform remained relatives, projects and goodtimes.  I had a hard year ahead.
hen I met a friend that I hadn't seen for some time sad.
I went to buy a bicycle with my father. When I wanted to pay, my admission in engineering.
On our way to France, my girlfriend and I went to Verona. By college entrance course sistem prejudiced me, that my integrity, and effort weren't corresponded.
I felt this emotion when my name was announced on the radio that prevailed for almost two years and I am still to recover from it.
When I began to date a boy with whom I am till now. This was 16 and gained consciousness after some time. That time I was at school; this news reached me through someone.
I felt happy when my mother borrowed me the car in order to let her, put forward to her.
eing chosen to do your experiment with aphasia work (he passed three months away from home).
hen I entered at the University sister had passed away.  The news had been hidden from me, so that I could take my exams.
When my boyfriend came form Rumphi to Lilongwe for a visit I was said that she was about to die.  I believed all her complaints and continously thought of the possibility of loosing her.
When I took my entrance exams successfully and also when I got my down by a car.
lways when I am well succeded would only come back after many years, I felt very sad.
After a one year's stay abroad, I returned home. I was even more grandfather had passed away. The first one to die was my grandmother and after two days grandfather died too.
When there was a possibility of getting on better in professional had imagined and that I could not do anythong about it.
inning a game after a long time of losing easy.
Before Christmas I got to know a girl but our relationshop could not the same as before and something had gone wrong.
When I was at school, no one thought I could pass my MCE so at qualified practioners and clinical years to go to your English lectures.
hen I asked my girlfriend to marry me she could not be accepted at the institution of learning.
hen my brother bought me a nice pair of shoes from South Africa  seen him a few weeks earlier and it seemed that he had just been waiting to see us.
When I received the best actor award at the inter-college drama have a goal. They have: sex, but this isn't important.
After a long time (of no communication with him, physical chaotic situation caused by the drought and hunger in Mauritania.
y being admitted to UNZA funeral (after a long time of suffering he had died of cancer).
 was admitted to the University and a niece was born to me quite a lot.  This made me feel low for a some time.
When in the end of a semester I got the approval in a matter that accident.
When I got my first unknown compound while doing my M.Sc grade six.
fter 3 weeks I saw my girlfriend again had an answer sheet, so he tried to peep. The Nursing Tutor caught him. During this time I was turning my question paper and it made noise. This friend blamed me of causing the whole matter for him to be caught.
 party with friends on New Year's Eve that had serious existential crisis, and mainly when I notice that I'm in the same situation that they are, but I didn't realize it.
I was in ILHA GRANDE with a wonderful sun, with wonderful people, Sam Mangwana was playing some Rumba records. That was not what I expected, I wanted some Disco records.
The situation in which I felt happiest in my life was when friends.  Unfortunately the weather did not permit it, so we stayed indoors.
Found out that me and my best friend are both chosen for the of another person, a common friend, that is in a situation of not being able to assume certain problems that he decided to solve, that is, she herself suggested the problems and decided to solve them but didn't get it until the moment.
hen I was admitted to the Sofia University them when I was drunk.  The next day, I was ashamed of course.
I was happy to hear that my sister had won a prize at running away, and they later contacted his parents.
I had a picnic with old classmates, we chatted and played games. at an accounts meeting.
When I heard that I had passed my end of first year exams and I sitting opposite me kept looking at me continously.  I did not know  what was wrong.  When I reached the  centre I started strolling around  as I still had a little time.  Suddenly a man came and whispered ""You 
When I got through the examination for my driver licence, and have forgotten to zip up your trousers.""  I was at a loss to say anything 
When I was informed that a short story I had written had been and I felt very embarrassed.  When I thought of the bus incident I felt  even more ashamed.
hen I got a small present form a person I like very much hide the food I had taken from the pantry while my aunt was in the kitchen, however she went to the pantry and discovered the stolen package.
hen I passed my form three exams family drinks.  I felt that I had let down my parents and my friends.
I had an interview for entry into college. The results were to be realized that he had been listening.
When two female classmates and I were having lunch, we chatted and  (Redemptist Father) that I had been living in a de-facto relationship for three years. He was very, very angry at me.
 close married friend has just had his first child made me shy.
My joy knew no bounds when I was selected for a job even before working then, I had to leave the second night (some of them had joined us the first night).  Next morning, 6 o'clock, a female classmate knocked on our door and tried to wake us up.  I was not fully conscious and I said something which I should not have.  I realized the trouble I had made and wanted to hide.  Later I said sorry to her and the matter came to an end.
After my vacations, one day after a lecture it occured to me to - my friend's home.
When I got a stereo walkman from my father when he had finacial my eyes and I felt quite ""difficult"".
A very good friend of mine had been away for three months. When lecturer came to know about it as it was he who treated me for it.
he time I qualified to enter secondary school the introduction of novices on the University start).
When a girl I wanted very much, said ""yes"" and fell in love with  whether she saw it or not.
aving received an offer to do post-graduate work wanted to give my opinion one of the people came out to be Chinese and his opinion was right of course.
When I passed the whole weekend with my boyfriend, coming back student's association did not blame me, they helped me do the work.
 I am joyfull to be alive every night. I tried to twin the cushions, but then there were colour nuances. Then my mother catched me, she saw it and became very angry.
amily member survived an operation reported that I was late.  I pretended that I had but looking at her eyes I knew that she knew that I was lying.  I thought that it was really bad luck that she had examined the list of the students who were late.
When my red-cheeked, content child runs to meet me in the yard of by my class mates and the teachers.  I was told to pick up my own urine from the wet soil, I did it.
It was August 30th when I heard on the radio that I passed my my parents.
I was in the living room at home with an ex-boyfriend, it was one read it and started teasing me about it.
When I get something that seemed very hard like getting a job, a (a small boy of 2) had not eaten his breakfast and just when I was taking a bit of his share someone walked in.
ou told me psychology can help people to be happier feel ashamed of what I do.]
iscussing psychology with my friends before the lecture not to tell something to anybody. Neverthless, I did, and she got informed about it. I felt very ashamed.
Coming to this lecture and listen to you talking about feelings, came to visit her one week later.
I felt joy when I came to know Christ.  That is when I became a wanted to see for years. I was whining about it till someone told me it was very childish. Then I felt shame.
When I met my girlfriend again in another town after a long picked up the bag immediately and gave it to the stranger as I thought that it belonged to him.  But it was not his bag and I felt ashamed.
hen I bought my car got only pass class.
I felt happy at the end of a 10 day student camp.  We had shared down.
When, after a long time, I saw a girl with whom I was in love. was scolded immediately.
Winning a tight tennis match. One set to play, and the team was soiled.  It drew a lot of attention and they all seemed to want to see the blood stains.
One of the greatest joiy was when I succeded in acquiring a supposed to have done.  I was very ashamed of what I had done.
I was given a gift by my sister. There were many pleasant things a fight.
This emotion happened when I passed my primary school examination startled then and wet my pants.
My sister gave birth to twins, healthy ones. feelings. Afterwards I thought it was too negative.
In August,1983, the long awaited ""big envelope"" (a document for my boyfriend greeted him, he did not answer and instead started shouting at me and scolding me in the prescence of my boyfriend.
I found a human ""treasure"" that I desired and got immediately. I while hitch-hiking. I spent some effort to find out where he lived (I succeeded).
hen India first won the world cup cricket tournament breathing difficulties.  I had a bad conscience because I had not stopped smoking.  Medication for the dilation of his breathing tubes also caused a sense of guilt in me.
On my birthday, an old friend of mine sent me a card. I had not friends.
I had been away from home for a long time and when I came home I good-bye to my young brother.  My brother saw me and said,        "" Will you not say good-bye to me?""  He is only 31/2 years old.
hen I was sick my husband bought me a piece of cake was engaged to an another man.
he birth of my daughter a slope, I fell down out of my carelessness.  There were many people and they saw me, so I felt ashamesd.  Moreover I hurt my ankle and it was painful.
hen I saw my family after a separation of one year which I should have known but I did not know.
 got a present from a great friend (a dog) for a long time and was much ashamed when someone brought his/her hands close to my face.
When India won the Prudential cup by beating West-Indies in the my seat to an old man who was standing near me.  It was another teenager who did so.
y friend told me he really likes me with a note-book and accused me of copying, All the students laughed at me.
assed an exam by 2 points his lovers.  I would scold him but he did not accept my advice.  Later I learnt from his girlfriends that this was not true.  I felt ashamed at having misunderstood him.
lank to eight years of age).
That was soon after the results of the interview which nearly boy.
On a sailing boat at night, under a full moon, listening to Pink about life. For instance, I had always lived for other people, had forgotten my own person and suppressed my own feelings. I was ashamed because I had not been concious of that until I had a conversation about it with a person.
hen I made the acquaintance of a certain person stranger for a classmate as I was not wearing my glasses.  I realized that I had made this mistake when I saw him again carefully.
When I was appointed by the Ministry of health to join the vomit in the presence of other people.
On New Year's Eve I went in a disco with friends. I amused myself had saved up for something else.
Inter-national sports events won by my favourite national team or neglected my study when people adked me, I told them that I had freeterm and studied hard. I felt ashamed for my behavior and lies.
My current lover and I had been very busy with work and study and wanted to have it repaired it was a pity but they detected it.
hen I was admitted to the Bulgarian State Conservatoire and I feel ashamed of myself as I do not call him to talk to him nowadays.
hen I received a beautiful birthday gift form my parents tell him the truth. When he found out he was not angry but understanding. We talked the whole thing over.
 good report card (a scholarship) in primary school I needed it myself.
 have a new born child be a child's clothes.  On hearing this I felt a little ashamed and I criticized her clothes though there was nothing wrong with them.
hen I can see my parents because now I am far from them and was told that my work was not up to standard.
I felt happy at the settlement of our marriage, even though we number of comments which were reproached to me by an elderly person who respected me.
Several days after my final examination at school, I was sitting was in second year while I was in first year, everyone laughed and started looking at me.
lways when I meet the person I love think and did not know what to answer.
When I was a student at the Institute doing my M.Phil degree, one cross with the security guard checking through what I had bought.  I lost my temper and screamed at him.  Later I felt very ashamed at myself as a lot of people I know were there.
It was when I was allowed to take my wife away from her parents lead to my wanting to empty my bladder.  My friends gathered around me and two of them had to help me to the toilet.  I was ashamed at having to go to the toilet in the presence of my friends.
'd just got the top mark in an exam wet lawn.
y parents came to visit me special classes after the usual class hours.  I missed this the first day and when he asked me about it the next day I said that I had forgotten.
hen I entered in the University after a year of struggles school and many girls came to see the person who had done it as I had to take my mattress out that day.
On my birthday I got a present that I had desired for a long and ended up wetting myself.
I had stayed for months without seeing mother because our of the class laughed at my attempt.
When my boyfriend last told me he loved me after I gave him an room by my father.
I was in a restaurant with my boyfriend when I saw my best female in. She looked at me and immediately left the room.
When I thought that my high school love and I had a mutual assignment.
A friend of mine travelled very far. I miss her but feel joy too and brought up negative sides of her character which are actually not so important.
hen I met my mother after months of absence using another to the detriment of both. Anxiety that I may have affected another for the worst.
This came in when at one time I met a girl who I didn't expect to need for help.
When I went to a job interview, I met a person who was very nice, cousin, also a friend of mine, asked her as to who she preferred.  Both of us were present and she chose the other guy.
he joy came when I first proposed a girl at Secondary School there were many people walking by.
My neighbour was not able to set his car in motion because it had and I just stood still for about a few minutes without saying a word.
I felt a great joy when I knew that my father was going to sell my mother's lack of education, especially her poor arithmetical insight.
After having finished my B.Sc, I was struggling hard to continue person, while that person is standing besides you and hears everything.
When I succeed in writing something I felt and doing it I felt wait for me for a long time.]
I got a good reaction from my tutor and tutorial group for a handed.  She forgave me later.  I was very ashamed of what I had done.
I wanted to go out to walk but I didn't know either where or proves that he didn't do anything wrong.
I was filled with joy when I heard that I had been selected to vomitting all over the place and insulting the people who were there with me.
After one year of searching, my friend and I have found a flat we dance. I felt myself ashamed having to tell her this.
Arriving in New Zealand as a teenager - first overseas trip - father and the entire family thought that I was finished in life.  I really felt like hiding.
Getting a good mark for a subject I had worked hard at but first time with a girl.
rticle published in the college newspaper things that I had been saying about them.
hen I passed the 12th standard board exams I was very hungry a few hours before supper.
After my final examination at school I was glad that the me to study by myself first but I did not do it.  When he asked me  if I had studied, I felt very ashamed.
Eating biscuits and drinking Milo (Chocolate energy drink made in front of many people.  I realized that he did so because he was very ill.
When I discovered that I and my friend would be licensed at the enjoy himself if he came along.  He understood  that he would not have fitted in and there was something in that.
Found money on the road and returned it to the owner through I had not told him the truth.
When my uncle gave me my first year's results.  I opened the with myself at my partner and this way was trying to put the blame on him instead of sorting out my own feeliings.
I felt joy when I passed my Malawi School Certificate of girlfriend and her female friend looking for me outside.
This happened when I was selected to go to Secondary school to girllfriend.  I think that there is something wrong with the woman as I have never even thought of having sex with her.
hen I saw a person I had not seen for a long time embarrassing him without reason.
It was when I was selected to go to a Secondary school to start sausage. I told the boy he had a delicious sausage.
This was when the girl I was in love with accepted my proposal person was ""the source of gossip"" he told me about, while that
hen I realized that I loved someone of the opposite sex person was also present.
ccepted by the college football team having been stupidly cross in every way.
When I heard that a close relative of mine had given birth at a silly things.
When my father married a certain lady. The reception was held at sleeping in thier place.
ot through first semester University during class but I was very scared of the teacher so I urinated in the class.
hen my father bought me a suit unexpectedly by a man of a caliber I never expected.
In order to be admitted to my final examination, I had to pass came on, I felt uncomfortable and tried to distract my parents attention by talking to them.
My girlfriend who had been very far away from me came to my that he could examine me.
The time I learnt that I had passed my Malawi School leaving some questions from my tutor simply because of a lack of preparation.
I had a friend who I didn't see for a long time. We had a found that I had been wrong.
I was doing an experiment and was not getting the appropriate someone, and this had embarrassed the this person.  And I still meet the person.
When I received the results from my final examination - Higher of a lesson.
I won a car in a prize-competition. The moment I was informed classmates.  The next morning when I came out of the toilet she said something and I did not understand what she was saying.  When she pointed at my trousers I discovered that I had forgotten to zip them up.  I rushed back to the toilet but by the time the others had guessed what had happened.
hen I got a record as a gift from a friend close friend of mine.
ay I received my T.E. score and acceptance into my chosen course. loooked, she boxed my ears ( this had never happened before).
When I saw my name in the newspaper and I knew that I entered at the term.
Going to a friend's wedding and seeing many of my old friends this was obvious to a third pereson.
 felt joy when I entered at the University something.  It was a confusing, strong and traumatic situation for me.
ot a present from my friend for my birthday till we apologized to each other.
hen I was accepted for a course on finance and accounting on my way out.
After being away on a holiday for 2 months, a friend, who lived any self-initiative or self-control.
The day that my boyfriend appeared at home with a pair of rings entering a government building with several people there.
hen I got my B.Sc degree with first class couldn't spell Australia and she said in a loud voice something like ""We don't have cheaters in my class"".
In the army, my result at the shooting exercises got wanted to avoid it the more I blushed.
I didn't like my former fob and felt joy when I received a neighbours boys their mother caught us.
The day I was told that I had passed my Malawi School leaving them so many times in the last few days.
hen I received my promotion letter queue.  A woman who was behind me began to shout at me asking me either to pay more attention or to leave.
hen people remember us and shows interest about what we do extended family, one young man used bad words while asking me to leave their home.
hen I heard that I had achieved a place in form I I had let my devotion to God go out the window. Although nothig happened I felt ashamed.
This is one feeling I never betray, but I must confess that the when I was talking to her, her boyfriend appeared and I felt ashamed.
A friend of mine often had difficulties with her parents. Once to mine thre were several professors.  One of them asked me to join them.  I refused but she insisted.  All the others started looking at me and I had to move to their table.
While watching an entertainment program in which there was a clever  parents to meet them.
 got better marks in the examn than many arrogant people still feeling feeble and tired.
etting back with my boyfriend after a year away - apart bikini away.
hen I passed my final examination at school became intoxicated and basically raped. I don't remember the actual event, but I know the feeling that I experienced later.
After making an effort to enter at University I found a course he had drunk some beer.
After my girlfriend had taken her exam we went to her parent's advised me to help my mother do the house-work.
 passed an exam which I thought I had failed people who do not belong to the same social class, to give a wrong answer in class, to be surprised in particular situations.
For about one year I had a rather bad relation with my father. would have liked to, out of shyness.
A meeting with the family and the friends I felt dear and loved, and then remembered that she had repayed me in several ways.
hen I had passed MCE examinations about me that made everyone look at me at the same time.
elping in the nursery school done in groups of two.  I was talking about it to my friends when I said something negative, in too abrupt a manner, concerning my work partner.  I did not quite mean what I said and I felt ashamed at having been mean enough to criticize him as he is also a friend of mine.
After my graduation exams I was waiting to get admitted to a post my mouth by being nasty. One time I accidently said something fairly cruel that was totally inappropriate.
My friend took me to Civo Stadium to watch and listen to the to dinner at her home on the New Year's Eve.
When I won the ""Under 18"" Showjumping at the Brookfield Show. The him , but I forgot to do it.
hen I got my B.A degree with first class days later I was shown to be wrong.
hen I married my wife and took her home for the first time had not spent much time studying.  Whenever someone said that someone was not paying attention, or that he had too many other things to do, or that the persoon was not trying his best, I would feel ashamed.
I felt joy when I passed the worst phase in my life and laughing.
My girlfriend wrote to me telling me that she was four months my papers.
I had a little cat which was very sick. As I liked it very much I to what he was saying.
I was captain of the school swimming team. The team was only two us as to who had heard the fairy tale - I was the only one who put up his hand and this surprised the whole class.
This happened when I was in the 10th standard.  The paddy crops he had been explaining.  He was very close to me (beside me) and I had no idea what to answer.
When my favourite football team made a goal and was about to found that everyone was busy.
hen I was in the sauna bath nothing wrong with me.
My 21st birthday celebration, when I cut the cake and received situation for those who were with her.
 went to visit friends and it was very companionable gave the wrong answer.
Passing an examination, although I felt sure I had failed. others or made them feel unhappy.  When I calmed down I realized that I had been selfish and had not taken into consideration the feelings of others.  Then I felt ashamed as someone pointed out my behaviour to me.
hen I got engaged to a boy of my choice standing beside me.  I was very tired and sleepy and did not think of giving her my seat.  A 50 year old woman who was sitting beside me got up and gave her seat to the old woman and said,  "" Old woman, please take my seat, the youngstters these days are
hen I had a good result in the certificate examination not used to giving their seats to others.""  When I heard these
he day I learnt that I had been admitted to the university words I was very ashamed of myself and wanted to get off the bus at once.
hen my parents complimented me very nicely on something pants after having drunk beer.
When I realised that I was forgiven by the God who is there, when I hid myself.
""Boy, you have been admitted to the medicine school and your alone with me in the house.  We paid no attention to this prohibition but one day her parents appeared and I jumped out of the window.  They saw me.
I was going to my village, after having been rather oppressed in cameras and the director who demanded jumps and guffaws.
When I was with the girl I love very much, for the graduatiion relatives and friends would think about me and I felt a lot of self pity.
I received a wedding invitation from an ex-flatmate, enclosed was gossiping about me right under my nose, however I later found out that they were not doing so.
n meeting an old friend of mine There are small incidents that I am ashamed of, for instance, not sending money to the children in Ethiopia.
hen I passed my B.A exams me that it was over between them and I accepted it.  When she found out she finished our friendship.
Unexpected visit by a close friend, whom I hadn't seen for half a me.
hen I heard that I had been selected for the university with her aunt, to whom I was introduced.  Then the aunt left.
esterday my friend gave me a gift and had dinner with me not prepared it well and had not seen it as important.  My presentation was so confused that it clearly showed my poor preparation.
Walking along the beach with a friend (another girl), talking, She later came to see me and told me that it was a very foolish thing to do.
 recurrent lovesickness mine (a boy's name).  I realized my mistake only when I went up to the stage for the prize.  I did not know what to do as everyone was looking at me.  I blushed and went back to my seat.
A few weeks back I received a Christmas card from a friend in is a homosexual.
n summer when I was sailing with friends in Greece I felt joy the person whom one is talking to is similar.
hen I passed a very important exam was holding my ground.  They showed me that I was wrong.
hen my application for studying the masters degree was accepted the driver threw me out.
oing to Chico to visit a friend Copperbelt on a buisness trip, she later found me in a hotel with a girlfriend.
I won the first prize at the science fair, the first of the kind an oncoming car and this resulted in tooting and flashing from the other driver (we could have collided), and I had an acquaintance in the car with me.
 had a very pleasant conversation with one of my friends something I had done, in a perfectly friendly manner.  My deed had been unjust and I knew that my husband was right, therefore my sense of shame.
A fellow player, quite unexpectedly, scores a goal, which means a to be related to me.  Though we were in love with each other, we both felt ashamed and withdrew from each other.
hen I fell in love her word, is often absent and is irresponsible.  I found out that she was an alcoholic and was trying to fight againt her addiction.
When my sister - after a history of one abortion and one discovered that I had relations with a man.
eading a nice book and talking about it to my friend thought highly improper for a boy in a town.  Just when we finished, a neighbour walked in.
eing asked to go out by someone I care she was eighteen.  I noticed that it did not affect her at all.
When my boyfriend once again told me that he loved me after a train to the university.  My mother told me that I spent more time than a woman on my toilet.  I felt a mixed emotion of shame and anger.
During my Summer vacations I planned a carnival for the community negative aspects of my character to other people when I was present but unable to defend myself.
I met my present boyfriend on a boat trip to England.  We had the teacher punished me by asking me to stand at the back of the class.  I thought about the way my mother would react if she saw me being punished.  My mother was very good to me and though she did not see me punished, I felt sorry for her.
etting into this university to do medicine of all my class-mates.  They were very sarcastic and cruel.
hen I got a good grade for an exam in statistics with one of my close friends.
hen I attended the concert of a pop singer was entertaining my mother who had come from home.  However, I later met this girl with another girlfriend at a hostel where I had taken out another girlfriend of mine.
hen my love for a guy was returned G.P.A was very low.
hen I passed and qualified for the university mine in which I had criticized some political attitudes and also some class-mates.   I was ashamed at having written that.
oing well in the examn boyfriend and I later found out that his sister had read them.
Last Summer I achieved someting that I had been wanting for a neighbour.
This week I was phoned by an old friend with whom I lost contact on time.  I hid the dirty trousers in the cellar as I feared it being discovered by my parents.
hen I called my boyfriend he asked me if I would live with him of the class and I had to gesticulate.
eing chosen to do this experiment examination.
I thought that someone was angry with me but, by hindsight, that there were many soldiers.  They began to pass remarks at me.
I preached to a F.3 students in a gospel camp.  They thus knew comitee. In this function I once had to make a speech to a large audience and I was very nervous. After three sentences I forgot my text.
A meeting and a conversation with a woman (somewhat elder than disapprovingly.  I felt ashamed later as the person had not been aggressive though he could have been.
When I was selected for higher education, i.e grade 7 to formI. things of an important nature about him, I felt ashamed as I had not mentioned it earlier.
When I passed the driving test already on the first try, although interview the general public.  One of my friends in the group lost her purse and she was very nervous.  Five of us had to go another place so we left her, and planned to see her later.  Then I heard her describing how her purse looked.  I realized that I had seen her purse on the floor and had not wanted to do any thing about it.
I went on a picnic to the country side park.  The beautiful my place just before coming to my place.   In the meanwhile I got to learn about this from another friend of mine and when she arrived at my place I really treated her badly.  I was later ashamed of the way I had treated someone when the person was at my place.
hen I won the best prize in the National science fair in a panic and ended up without an erection.
After having considered it for hours I was able to overcome my of mine had come to see me.  I was very scared of doing things wrong.
 was called and invited to have a talk about a job I wanted to have first time. They spoke Limburgian (a dutch dialect) and one of my first remarks was that I disliked Limburgian dialect.
hen a friend of me came for an unexpected visit When they do not understand what I say.
hen I learnt that I had been accepted at the medical school thoroughly as the other members, with the result that the overall result was poor.
I feel unbelievably happy about the relationship between my when he entered the room.
After I saw my family and good friends back after staying one started introducing ourselves.  Two of the boys showed a lot of interest in knowing personal details and then they started talking about some activities held in the college.  I had little interest in those activities so I talked to another student sitting next to me as I was afraid that they would ask me questions on those activities.
 was accepted by the Chinese university me that I would have to wait and eat with my cousins.
When I go out with my friend with enough money and good sense to were bad as I had not done my best.  The results of my accquaintances were good and when they asked me about my results I really did not want to answer.
When I heard the examination results and when I recovered after over, and a little statue broke. I, of course, had to tell him everything.
 No response. been on a particular occasion.
hen I was selected to the university of Zambia heard all about her troubles, I thought that I should have got in touch with her earlier.
 No response. whom I loved also.
he birth of my child marking system, in fact I had not worked hard enough.
Our only elder sister got married and started having pains in her in public.  He was drunk.
When it appeared that I was not pregnant when I was several weeks I went and asked for one egg and the people in the shop laughed at me and so did my family when I told them what had happened.
hen I met friends I had not seen for the last 2-4 years very much. This event was caused by a third person who didn't like the person I insulted.
 No response. people performed well.
I felt joy when I heard that I was accepted for the Free suddenly appeared pictures about the famine in some parts of Africa.
When I heard that I had been selected fot the first year at the started laughing.
When I passed the driving test three weeks ago and got my I heard that others were talking about me and called me a slut.
Last course, when I passed with good marks three subjects which I had drunk, as he approached us he started to undress.
When my boyfriend and I went out for a dinner and subsequently for two months.  Yesterday I was chatting with my teacher and when we talked of the Summer job, I felt ashamed.
When I was accepted into the medical school.  Medicine is a assigned one person in each group to make a presentation.  The discussion in our group had been confused and the presentation was not very well prepared.  Unfortunately I was selected to present and I could not keep calm, was confused and result was very poor.  I really felt ashamed.
When I made the winning goal during a very important football on a boy's lap.  I tried to greet her but could not help blushing.
When I came again in contact with a girl I liked very much. And I blamed the servant for it, later I found out that it was not the servant but my daughter who had broken it.
When I received a letter from a woman I thought had not ever bedroom with clothes and panties spread all over the place.
During the period of falling in love, each time that we met and me but I thought of something (I told I was ill) so that I didn't have to go.
A person with whom I had been on bad terms, gave me a present. We myself.
It was Saturday, my duties were over for a few hours and I could paid for it. For the exam I didn't got a good grade and I felt ashamed.
My sister and brother in law returned from Sri Lanka where they got to know about it, this was just when I had become a Christian.
When the Cambridge results came out and I obtained a first above the pass marks despite my effort.  I felt bad because quite a number of friends did better.
When I first heard ""I like you !"" from my boyfriend. Here then I refer to the situation of guilt.
hen I got my drivers licence the class as we had not prepared for the lesson.  I felt ashamed and angry.
hen I qualified for form I  all my friends had done something wrong, or may be it was the influence of the beer.
Every year during carnival I am very joyful I have an intense whether I liked the food I told him that I liked it but that there was one thing which wasn't so good. The servant than worked very hard to make it good.
 was very happy when I got an attractive Summer job the promise.
In the underground's escalator, a youngish bum asked me for days after doing it the teacher asked us to do it again at a meeting  and I forgot my part.
When I was accepted as a student of Psychology here at me that she was not his girlfriend.  I, to say something, commented that she must be a viscious woman.  He then told me that she was his girl.
hen I heard that I had passed the second year exams clothes outdoors.  It was summer and my friend and I were out in the woods.  It had felt exciting at that time.  My parents discovered that my trousers were back to front and I felt ashamed.
When an old schoolfriend phoned me to arrange an appointment to ashamed and sorry at having hurt my loving mother.
During the Christmas holidays, I met some of my old friends, I found that my result was not as good as a classmate who had recently changed his major subject.    I felt very ashamed.
When I was accepted as a student at the college, not having did not notice it and came out of water.  There was a disagreeable classmate watching the scene.
Occurs frequently. A recent experience: when going out with many and gathered enough courage to ask him to kiss me.  He did not do it but instead asked me what I would like for my birthday.  I told him that I would like a kiss more than anything else but he excused himself and said that it was impossible.  I really felt embarassed.
When I was offered a place in the university as a full time for a walk.
When I learnt that I could do further studies at the Chinese from what I had meant.  When I said it I realized how my mother had understood it.
I fell over head and ears in love with someone who appeared to be from the stand by drawing lots.
 When my performance (homework or other work) is better than others. else.  Immediately afterwards I felt ashamed.
One evening, I was with a group of friends having a talk.  There master said that my conduct was good and asked me to tell him the names of those who had taken part in it.   I replied that I did not know.
When I read the newspaper that morning I found my candidature clearly, so I gave an answer which was not related to the question and everyone started laughing at me.
Did very, very well on a Physics midterm. parents, I felt that they were watching me all the time.
oing to a concert me.
eing elected as class leader next day I owned up and returned it.
Getting University Entrance accredited and arriving home from fellowship.  That day I had been preparing for the exams and did not estimate the time to travel to the church right and I was twenty minutes late.  As I had not prepared well I led the meeting badly.  I was ashamed of myself.
At a party in which I met an interesting female. We enjoyed me.  I felt very ashamed but still refused to admit that it was me.
he birth of my first child It appeared that I was the only one who hadn't prepared anything.
When my special friend said ""I love you"" for the first time. enough.
The final marks were to be given in the morning.  I wanted to get very young and I had to defecate on the street.  I was very worried in case someone should see me.
hen I won my car way), thinking it was my boyfriend. When by hindsight I feel ashamed when thinking about it.
I was biking with my boyfriend, the sun shining after a long desire and my curiosity had made me jump into bed with him.  I am ashamed of myself now.
etting into this university to do medicine with a friend and did not know that she was related to this man.  My friend did not tell me about it and I discovered this myself.
I received an assignment back, and got an A+ grading. and made a lot of noise.  We had drunk two much of wine.
hen passing the final examinations for social worker she suffered from diabetes mellitus.
Last year my freshman yr. It was a day in March I did well on it out to me and I had to correct myself.
A friend came to tell me that her father invited me to go on my boyfriend and he said lovely things to me. After this feeling disappeared I felt ashamed.
When I finally managed to get a specific sound from my guitar, love.
At the moment when I heard the result of an examination and it friend.
inished a difficult midterm because I had lost at a game of cards and had to pay a forfeit.
uccess in university entrance examination I was a rare specimen.
I can't give one description here. I often feel joyful when I that a few children were loking at me from the adjacent cubicle.
I was in hospital, and then was visited by someone quite goods that he had ordered had arrived.  I had totally forgotten about this order and I tried to offer weak excuses.
hen my boyfriend came back after being away for 10 days bed.  I felt ashamed thinking that the neighbour's children would get to know about it.
 asked someone to go out and she accepted right away The change was that of a two dollar and a ten cent coin.  As I was talking with my friend I took the two dollar coin and forgot to leave a tip.
When my father managed to begin a ""new life"" after the divorce ordinary people. My mother, however, used the very expensive porcelain dinner-service and the silver cutlery. I felt very ashamed.
hen my children were born other people.
I was ""best man"" at my brother's wedding a year ago. coffee but I was not able to get the coffee ready on time and I thus arrived half an hour late to the class.  On top of this the coffee was undrinkable.
ear my name on the list attending the English lectures in public, because other people do not understand my reactions and think that I am silly.
Winning a race that I had been training for, for many weeks. to do so.  The teacher told me that it was bad manners to do so.
When the person that I was very fond of, returned to me. magazine.
inding out my grades at the end of my freshman year others, and it appears that my statement is not right.
Listening to the opening bars of Tchaikovsdy's symphony No.2 surprise in a public place at 10 p.m. giving me flowers and suvenirs.
When my fiancee travelled 2000 Km to visit me, and I hadn't seen story to tell.
Seeing my sister after about 2 years of not seeing her. Only and he said something that I didn't like (I don't remember what). Without thinking I slept him in his back, getting ashamed and sorry just after.
I received an unexpected B+ on an engineering midterm. I did not and while playing I fell on the ground. At first I thought I was not seen by anybody, but when my mother laughed I felt very ashamed.
alking with someone I admire a lot speak in class.
aving a good trip on a boat with good friends of lamps in it.
hen my term paper was evaluated naked.
A friend which I hadn't seen for years, sent me a small present. daughter of a certain gentleman.
oing well in an examn asking and doing certain forbidden things.
y last genetices midterm - a decent grade my uniform since patient's blankets have a lot of lice. It happened that my boyfriend picked some lice from my white uniform. I was so ashamed.
earing my girlfriend accept my offer of marriage 16). When I entered the sauna naked, I felt ashamed for a short time.
Receiving a much wanted letter from a very good friend who lives things) and she found some porno photos that I have kept from more than a week, and split it.
omeone (a boy) paid special attention to me to cry; first I talked to him but he did not say anything and after a while I was crying.
oing to see a good film with my best friend many years. Shame that he wouldn't recognize me or that I wouldn't know what to say.
hen I found out I had passed all of my university exams get more than I did.
hen I won some coins in a small competion that time my aunt came to see me; fortunately I could prevent her from entering the room.
ot in touch with earlier friends after a long absence teacher told the other students to shout and laugh at me.
When I received my U.E. accredited as I was totally unexpecting center dressed like a witch.
New year's eve 1983/1984, I met my girlfriend.  We stood on the day, while  talking with my relatives I used a wrong word and  my cousin corrected me, believing that I did not know English.  I really felt ashamed then.á
On holiday, seeing the lanscape in Gerona. feel ashamed Note: for GUILT go to record n¦231
fter intercourse love and affection to be able to sleep with her.
ade a wonderful driend who understands me at this.
When the parents of my girlfriend gave permission to spend our were in the table aside.
After I had made my debut at Ullevi against IFK, Gottenburg and club.
hen I passed the driving test (on the second try) my mother tongue.
hen my boyfriend and I made up him. I was in love with him. When he introduced me to his friends I died of shame because I was with them before, I met my boyfriend in carnaval.
When I started a relation with a girl, with whom I have fallen in someone was bathing inside, it happened to be my father.
atching China winning the Asian Olympic games week I did it I was funny, he loved it, and I died of shame.
When I was notified that I had been accepted as a Psychology myself for something I have done.]
I felt very happy when I heard I had passed the examination to lie.
ot a big fish in fishing could get bach there, I had to come to S.Paulo and his car was here. He said :""When you get the car tell my mother that you are
When I was making music together with my friend. It sounded very only taking the car bacause I asked, for she doesn't like me to borrow it"". Next day he borrowed me it again for I had to come
I liked to see off my aunt (from Zaire) to the airport. That back again. When I was coming back I crashed the car quite a lot. One of the first person I met at the accident was his mother, that said to me ""You weren't to take the car only yesterday ?""
When I passed the university entrance exam.  I had thus finished (before I saw her I was already ashamed).
When I got myself the kind of girlfriend I had been hunting for a didn't know, I couldn't remember who he was.
atching the Asian Olympic game (China winning) had very intensive feelings of shame when I had a bath and people were in the kitchen.
When I had to undergo the final examination of secondary school, Business Machines Limited Company due to improper handling of the office equipment in Sales Services.
 made dinner for some friends and they appreciated it very much had to give a present to a boy and I was very ridiculous because of this.
assing my driver's examination (after two failures) but I felt that I was not able to express myself very well - I felt ashamed and blushed.
When my brother was born, everything went all right.  It had been very angry due to some reasons.
ood dinner on the National Day We met at school and we separated us in several cars. My car broke and we arrived late. All those who already had arrived stand up and applauded us when we entered two hours late. All the restaurant attention was turned on us.
When a friend of mine had her period, while thinking she was a handicapped child. I interviewed two boys and it went really well. I promised I would visit them, but never got the time. Now I hope they've forgotten me, but I feel ashamed of letting them down.
etting a letter from a friend who did not write for a long time old friend who made a comment about my dress so I felt ashamed.
I had a very close friend who went to Canada after her F.B, his  worse than ever. I felt ashamed.
alking with a nice girl much and had been cruel with no other than my mother.
hen I won the first prize in a cross country race attractive and was under the influence of alcohol.
Spending the nitht with close friends, after being away (out of care for him very much, but I am ashamed of the hurt I may cause her.
Went to a movie with a date, walked on the beach (in Alameda) friends of my age group working and earning a lot, when I am still studying.  A friend I met a week ago after a period of 5 years is earning more than Rs 3000/ month.
At an important moment in a volleyball game we made a point and it to the other siblings. So my mother had to scold me.
On my birthday, when I was given my presents. clothes with the exception of our underwear. Then we had to go into another classroom where older pupils were sitting and staring at us.
hen I was admitted to a certain school as a student sister's best friends for using our telephone. Very silly, but I was annoyed because she was there at a time when I needed to be with my family.
I got an A in anatomy - the first one I have ever gotten in a with a very close friend when she shifted from the Gold Coast to Brisbane, for a month, despite her efforts to contact me. I felt shamed when I finally confronted her again.
When the Real Madrid team of basket ball qualified for the final when I was caught by a controller. I felt ashamed but also angry.
ad a letter from my father (usually he does not write to me) completely inapplicable to the question due to my not having read about the subject matter.
hen I got the loan for my studies me, therefore I had to undress. For the first few times this was not easy for me; I got gradually used to it.
he day I finished my military service travelling without a ticket.
As an evening class teacher I got positive feedback.  When the chair, I felt ashamed.
When I was able to buy my new car, after lots of problems. house. His mother was eager to know me and all his friends ready to make jokes about the situation.
During the summer I received grade cards from my TA's. I expected standing waiting for a bus.
When high level results were declared, I found my candidature felt ashamed of her behavior.
Achieving my goal at a swim meet. I worked toward the goal for 9 homework I stood up and invented one because I hadn't done it. A colleague saw that in my copy book there was nothing written and he accused me and so I was called in the director's room.
When a close friend met me at the station in the middle of the the same things in a very loud voice. I laughed and said to him that he always repeated the same things. Some time later I heard that he had undergone a complicated brain operation.
When I passed the last exam, which I had doudts about. my friends because I didn't cook lunch up until 2 o'clock.
inding out my name on the list for English lectures successful as you at your age.
When I was back home after a long time, meeting beloved people stayed with him and his girlfriend, I bought some meat, but nobody wanted to go and prepare it for dinner. My friend said ""I thought
When on holiday in Greece I called my best friend, she told me you wanted to invite us for dinner"". ""Of course"", I said, but I
hen seeing a friend that I had not seen in a long while thought by myself that it must have been enough that I had bought it.
When I was accepted as supervisor for a student teacher.  The could not remember the words I had to say.
It appeared that I gave correct answers to all questions during leaving the house and getting to know new people.
hen I was selected for the university teaching girls judo at a suburban college.  I was just a beginer, and he made me a green belt so that I would be able to command respect.  This was against my principles, and yet I allowed myself to listen to him.  I gave it up soon after, however I felt very ashamed at not sticking to my principles and at not having put my foot down earlier.
It was the weekend of my homecoming. I saw my sister for the thanks to my laziness.
When I was at a party I met an old friend from an adult in which it is easy to read a negative attitude.]
hen my sister was born he was alone at home and came out without his clothes.
hen I learnt that I had been accepted at UNZA got an information from him which I quite out of place shared with another colleague of mine and it resulted in an unpleasant consequence for him.
When my son returned from mountaineering - healthy in body and very well and they made a remark about it.
I was studying in the library and a class-mate told me that she mimic.  This particular day we were waiting for a professor to take her class.  This  professor had a peculiar accent and a very horrible way of lecturing and to top it all we had this class at the fag end of the day.  So this particular day I got into my element and started imitating the professor, and the professor entered the class right in the middle of it .  I was unaware of her presence, some of my friends tried to warn me but it was of no avail as I was too engrossed in mimicing.  Then I suddenly noticed the silence and turned around to see her entering the class.  I do not know till today if she actually saw what I had been doing or she had completely ignored it.  Through  out that lecture I died of shame.  All the more shameful was the fact that she gave me a character certificate.
hen I recently got an appartment in central Gottenburg 70% of the Indian poulation is still below the poverty line.
he begining of my relations with my current girlfriend paired with him, and felt shame because of mine lack of pacience and ridiculous attitude.
When my girl told me that she loved me more than any male and considered such an attitude childish.
I remember my religious experience.  During  a gospel camp, a few to my relatives and  friends.  Because of this feeling I would avoid situations, however I do not know the reason for this.
hen I pass an exam it.  In the morning when I came home, my mother looked tired.  She said that she had been awake all night because of me and that she was angry and disappointed.
When the lady who is now my wife accepted my proposal to be my courage to say ""I love you"" and just after that came the shame.
When I was told that they had got tickets for me for a film lecture.
hen I got my results ( I had made it to the second year ) had happened is that something had been written against my friend and this went to the higher authorities.  My friend asked me  -""you also signed ?""
Several good friends made me a surprise visit and this made me incident.]
I thought that I was going to fail a subject and so I began to ear-ring.
I learnt from the newspaper that I had been accepted at the unexpected visit.  I was lying lazily on the bed, reading a newspaper and my boyfriend was studying.
I met a girlfriend again after not seeing her for several months. while, actually, I didn't want to go out with him, later on, he asked me if I was feeling better, then I felt ashamed.
hen I attended my cousin's 31st birthday protest loudly to some American sailors of the U.S. Texas submarine. A guy came up to me and said that's your brother screaming at, I felt shame and I realized screaming at another person isn't good protesting. Now I'm a silent protester.
hen I won an unexpected sum of money his friends.  Later on I realized this myself and felt ashamed of myself.
A friend of mine suggested that I become a film extra.  The idea someone I knew would avoid them, usually by hiding because my self image was low and I was ashamed of what I had done to myself.
hen I obtained good marks in a subject I had failed before little.  When my friend remarked about it, I understood that it was wrong to do so, and I felt ashamed.
hen I get a hug from someone I love later.
When they phoned me from Great-Britain to tell me that I could go who didn't know that she was engaged to be married.
hen I accepted Jesus Christ as my personal saviour some unavoidable reasons.  Unaware of this I treated her unjustly till I realized everything, and then I felt ashamad of my deeds.
I met a dear friend of mine after a long time.  I expressed my feelings because of pre-set ideas and prejudices.
hen my son was born I didn't cope with the task.
When I dived among sharks and the brightly coloured fish on the but thank God I was not mocked at. Though it hurt badly, at the first moment I felt shame, not ache.
he man I am going around with gave me a very special present time.
When my older sister told us that she was thinking of joining the indiscipline.
hen my little sister was born the others started laughing.
When I received the acceptance form for the second year at through the situation of being betrayed by my girlfriend.
hen I passed an exam dictatorship that despoiled the people, when during my military service.
When after 10 months of national service I was ""downgraded"" and in question later.
hen I told my girlfriend a joke openly and frankly me tea and coffee.  I do not have the habit of drinking tea or coffee and so they offered me a glass of milk instead, so I felt ashamed.
I had not seen my brother for five years as he was not in Spain.   progressing.
y son passed grade 7 and was accepted for form I contrary, almost caused a public fight.
My father had an operation which lasted for hours.  We were all told to stay behind after the class and give the answer after studying it from a book.
I got my driving licence after they had frightened me with it's saw it and told the driver about it.  I even knew the driver.
I had gone camping with my old classmates and there was a storm.  negative critic.
When I saw that the mark I had obtained in an exam was a good we had sexual problems; therefore I deceived him, but I was ashamed when I told my friend about it.
I felt happy when I learnt that I had qualified for the grade menstruated.
hen I finished the work that I had planned to do - my homework someone, but it didn't quite turn out that way.
hen I was acceptted as a student of psychology committed last night.
When I learned, after the ecography, that my mother was expecting a poorest in the world and that inspite of having the resources we do not utilize them.  I was ashamed at myself and my country, shame at the lack of parity between the lifestyles of the citizens.
When I was selected to this university despite my having situations sometimes I am ashamed.
An invitation to spend 5 days at the seaside with all expenses and old people (by mistake)
When I was informed that I had been accepted as a student of that affected directly in a negative way my job and my behavior in the classroom in front of the other pupils.
When I received the acceptance letter from UNZA.  I had just glass bowl on the counter of a nearby shop, and I got caught.
hen I passed the university entrance exam something in which I had put in all my efforts.
Last night I had a chat with a fellow student.  I had known her lap of another passenger.
I received an unexpected letter from a friend I had met a short and somebody had to out.  A mess worker and I were the  last ones to arrive and we had arrived at the same time.  Rightfully one of us had to opt out of the game, as I was delaying leaving the mess worker opted out saying that I should play.  I felt ashamed of myself.
When a study tour got confirmed, I was happy all the time till    for having touched an object that didn't belong to me.
An ex-colleague asked me if I was interested in working in their less beautiful and also knowing that my boyfriend considers me beautiful, but this was only in the beginning.
hen I won a tennis match a bank officer, I felt that my clothes and appearance were out of place, too raggy.
hen my brother gave me a watch raised my voice and had not cared for his opinion.
When I received my report card in C.O.U.  I was afraid of obtaining without my shirt, only with my pants.
I felt happy when I received the letter telling me that I had sister.
hen my one year old son gives me a spontaneous kiss hospital on how to make beds but we did not deserve to be scolded.
When I fell crazily in love with a beautiful girl and she returned found that a collection of pornographic literature had been removed from my room I had previously thought that no one was aware of the existence of this material.
hen my wife gave birth to a baby boy - my only son to date tactical reasons I was chosen to play against a much weaker player than I am. Although it would have been enough simply to win the game, I defeated him extremely. This would not have been necessary.
When I came across an old friend whom I had not seen for a very comforting, not anger (death of my sister).
When I passed my driving test, as it was the fifth time that I I was thinking loved me very much.
One night, at a friend's place I realized that I had everything I happened to be the dullest of all.
hen my girlfriend became pregnant be with a person I know well. But when I amused myself with others I let my friend sit alone, although I had asked her to come.
When I qualified for form I.  I was one of the three pupils who not allowed). I was caught and disqualified. All my friends had observed that.
One Saturday afternoon, I deliberately dressed up nicely (I had asked me what I was doing there.
When I received some good news : I obtained an amount of money I passed.
When I met an old schhol friend (school love) who works in Hainburg. I was also asked for my opinion. I was ashamed because I had no firm view of the whole thing and therefor was not able to join the conversation.
I was overwhelmed with joy when I received the acceptance letter the person I'm going out with, and when I began to like someone else and questioned whether I really care about person I'm with.
hen I talk to my friends question and I could not answer it.
It was the first time I met him (my boyfriend Mr.W).  It was somebody's house with somebody's wife. He had to appear in court. I went to see what would happen to him.
Celebrations on the graduation day with the orchestra playing in certain date, then thought no more about it until the friend reminded me after the date had passed.
[ Any situation in everyday life has this emotional sense, in rather ashamed for that.
hen I was selected to study here at UNZA exasperation, because I couldn't get it to sleep.
assed the last exam engagement.
 party I went to last Christmas out !
hen I got through the first day here at the department very vulnerable to such attack - inspiring fierce, defensive counter-attack.
For my parents anniversary, we hosted a party and we were very of my age earn a lot of money by doing very good and hard work.
 stopped working (had a boring job) failed to propose to a lady yet we always said to ourselves no lady can refuse our proposal.
hen I passed the university entrance exam hitting her about the head with a newspaper I was holding.
I came across a friend with whom I had lost touch for a long class-mates laughed at me for this reason.
hen I met my mother after not having seen her for three years fallen at the steps going into the Exam room.
hen I was finally qualified for my profession back for holiday. In everybody's absence I opened the foodstore and ate all internal organs of the chicken. When mother discovered, we were all called and I was found with hands stained with soup. I was ashamed being the eldest of all in the family.
At a party, on New Year's Eve, I met on old friend whom I had not drunk, the morning was disillusioning. A friend was me leaving the room and I felt shabby and immoral.
I was appreciated by others, especially my family members and my her parents by having had sex in their house which they overheard.
Every time, in the last few days, when my girlfriend told me that maize cobs from Agricultural experimental projects.
When I passed the first year and so I could come back for my thought I would fail. When I heard I had failed I really felt ashamed of myself.
I worked at a lawyer's office during Summer and I got a very girl looked at me so that I felt ashamed.
When I knew that there were, at last, no problems in making a and fell.
I felt happy when my mother gave birth to a son who is the last was telling lies. I felt very shameful and I felt like disappearing from people.
When I received the letter informing that I had been accepted to us, I fell down because the place was slippery and I really felt ashamed.
he first time I really fell in love with a girl discovered several untoward things had occurred.
hen I passed an exam the doctor that I must have been infected by my boy-friend. This was not true, but I was ashamed to tell the truth.
hen I knew the feelings of a beloved person daughter because I was not fit to do so yet the girl accepted everything and later she followed what her parents insisted and she told me never to talk to her again.
When they told me that I had been admitted to the faculty of abroad who were family to me for a year, and now 2 years later, I have attempted, but have not actually gone through with corresponding with them, to express my feelings and gratitude.
 No response. for a friendship with a certain girl. I was ashamed because she refused publically in the presence of my fellow friends.
I was very happy when I found out that I had passed with flying ran away. When I arrived at home I found the same woman and she told my parents what had happened so I felt ashamed.
I was talking to a friend and he said something which was very not washed the dishes.
[ During a certain period, I felt successful and extremely satisfied.   friend because I wanted to know what she looked like. My mother watched that and (as a punishment) sent me into the house. We never spoke about that; I think it was as embarassing for her as it was for me.
After a busy day I went back to my hostel.  I closed the door and with a small girl. At first this annoyed me but later on I became ashamed because many people seemed to believe it.
When my sister's first child came home, after one week in out.
My boyfriend suffered form ill health for some months, this week myself and was examined by several doctors.
hen I was admitted to the Chinese universiity her a birthday present but I didn't buy it for her in front of friends.
 finished my homework; an important task I caused her to be physically harmed.
The computer at school had left out my name along with four something about Femur and my answer was saying something concerning the brain. So I was very ashamed amongst my friends.
For a few days I felt very miserable, distressed and listless, had only stretched it out for my ball-point-pen.
hen my 6 month old son is happy and well the letter the door, which was almost crashed, I felt ashamed.
When my boyfriend and I experience something nice or when we have shoes told me that they were out of fashion and I looked as an old man when I was in those shoes.
When I received the first year results as the first year had properly. This was when I and my friend went for a dnce one Saturday.
When I began dansing, the teacher came and told me that I was after I had not trained for one week, I was totally stiff. I was ashamed.
One night I had a very good conversation with two friends. I then write with pens. I smeared everything I had written. All my friends had written well and wanted to know why the teacher was looking at my note-book. I was ashamed.
I am happpy when I get good results in the field of academics or was defeated.
I felt joyful when my boyfriend met me at the station, while at watch TV. I lay on the floor and moved my pelvis. When the other people had gone, my mother told me that it had looked as if I had wanted to make sex.
I was on holidays, and I was going to meet a friend whom I had everybody brought some present. I was the onlyone who brought nothing. My friend was very hospitable and did not show anything - although I knew how he felt.
hen I gave birth to a healthy boy was caught peeping, by using a paper which had already answers which was written by him. So all of us from the Army got ashamed.
After waiting impatiently for the results of the form 5 had finished my brother came in. I felt sad and I found no reason why he came in.
When I recently got a very positive answer from a clinic telling three reasons. First, because I was only 13 years old, second, because I did not really like him, third, because he had caught me napping.
After the funeral of an acquaintance I felt very depressed. That then I scored the third goal to my own side.
I was very happy when I passed and went to form I.  It was a quite a lot.  This made me feel low for a some time.
The day the results of the university entrance exam was disagreeable way. I had the feeling that he was examining my body.
When I found out that the girl, with whom I was in love, loved me sleep.
hen I felt that my love was returned something which they thought I should know. Actually I know it, but at that time I was not able to remember it.
Once a week I work as a volunteer in a biologic garden. this work discovered that.
When someone made me a compliment after an examination just at bed I was totally drunk. Next morning I felt rather ashamed.
When my elder sister had a baby girl.  She was the first girl in behaviour of dodging from Examinations.
I had a summer job in Sweden, and my boyfriend came to meet me on unnecessary.
When I went to visit a friend in the hospital. She had to undergo morning I went to see my Auntie and I didn't come back up to evening.
Unofficially I was informed about my results of the final along very well and usually we share everything. Once we two were sitting in our room and eating a cake when the others came in.
When Christmas holiday started, I felt very joyful when I I am not good at skiing and therefor bought racing skis.
A couple of years ago during the summer holiday, I was fishing at grandmother's friends whom I hardly know. I gave some deprecatory comments on him whereupon my grandmother told me that the man had died recently.
When I heard that I had got the best result in school and would ran out - I do not know the reason for that. My father came after me and insisted on my apologizing.
Yesterday, when the final whistle blew at the final match between but I was unable to do so. The patient was dissappointed and lost hope in me.
My boyfriend was playing with my cat. He was playing games with her personal.
During my high school time I succeeded to play a concert of with another man's wife where I was asked questions and I was unable to answer.
When my elder brother, who had gone abroad to study  for six prevented from participating in several activities.
he high school entrance exam stared at me in such a way that I had to leave it.
hen I could study at university pleasure (sexual) when I opened and took off a shirt in a classroom at P.V.C.
I was very happy when my scholarship to continue studying at UNZA my brother but I didn't stop to hear what he was saying. I was ashamed when I found him at home and he told my brother what had happened.
hen I passed successive exams to enter the school of medicine and women.
hen I got the scholarship letter from Australia tray of tea and other drinks.
When I gave birth to a child and saw that it was normal when it teacher spotted me.
When I got the positive result of my examination to achieve the happened without my control on them, that showed our disagreement, and ignorance.
My sister in law was about to have a child, and there were some our problems, I told her lies.
When my girl and I decided to get back together after our his feelings for me were stronger than for her. I felt the same for him, but did not really encourage him to leave her or stay with her - still felt shame.
My friend had organized a birthday party for me secretly, I was course.
When my husband and I decided to take a few days holiday after a doll's dress from my next-door neighbour.
hen the girl with whom I am in love smiles at me along Kawale road going to town so I tried to stop a car for a lift and the driver didn't stop and I felt shame because people were looking at us.
I was admited to the Chinese university of Hong Kong.  The day the same I didn't worry too much because I knew I would have got much better if I had read enough.
n my birthday when several good friends came to visit me most important in my life.
I had been very weary all week - no letters, no phonecalls, no difficult personal circumstances.
When I saw a good friend again after not having seen her for a front part of my body with a towel (I was 7 years old), and I didn't see that my cousin was in the room.
When my husband suddenly came to see me at my new job and chocolate - getting caught by mother.
After several days delay in my girlfriend's menstration I was dame.
 received a letter from a friend whom I was missin along with waking up with a woman I had just met whose husband was an epileptic. I was later to know that she knew my mother.
When the result of the certificate exam was announced.  I was feel hurt.
When I recently managed to get my first consulting assignment meant to be a joke.  Unfortunately it fell in the wrong hands  and I had to face the consequences.
The day the Real Madrid team of basket ball qualified for the admonished me to do my homework, one day I had forgotten to do it. When my teacher noticed it, I blushed and was ashamed to be rebuked in front of the other pupils.á
inally being asked by someone to a banquet Primary School leaving Certificate Exam in 1978. My girlfriend was there when the news was released.
hen I passed an important exam that I was wrong and felt ashamed; everytime I meet her I feel ashamed.
When we were able to afford a new sofa - a leather one which cost told him that my father had retired.
When I saw a friend of mine, whom I had not seen for a long time us. These boys took all my 3 friends away and I was left alone in shame without knowing where to go from there.
 felt extreme joy the day I was baptized. I was one with God down to other friends.
When I was at the end-of-term party last week and had fun - was my Exams, but she did satisfactorily well and was taken into another class leaving me behind.
hen I passed an exam which I had failed last year moment and I didn't agree (at that exact moment I was needing an extremely positive word).
When I was appointed to position of trust in a group set up to knew. It sounded really childish.
When I was told that I could take a week off and go for a trip to answer a question in the classroom.
Right before I went to a concert with my last boyfriend he told with an uneducated girl.
When I saw that I had passed an exam.  It was the last chance and require much effort on my part, yet I refused for selfish reasons and saw her have to do it.
When I saw the certificate results, I did not feel very happy as I nonsense.
hen i was asked to be a child's godmother after she was my girlfriend.
When I pass exams, or when a close friend of mine recovered never have said normally. Next morning I was terribly ashamed about what I had said.
I received a grade above average on a midterm (chemistry) and I presence of my boyfriend.
t my sister's wedding cheap one.
When I met a very close friend of mine after one year of Form I selection.
ur basketball team is undefeated in league play (4-0) currently speaking so that all the teachers laughed at me.
I realized that a fellow member had grown spiritually.  I was the been doing behind her back.
In 1980 when I was in the 12th standard, we had arranged a small friend at the bus depot. He later came and asked me why I had not turned up.
he day I heard that I passed the high school exam in someone else being blamed for the event.
A close relative of mine underwent a difficult operation, and everything wouldn't have to go to school. I lied to my mother - she realized I had been lying when she got home from work and found that I had been over to a friend's place.
hen I learnt that I had been admitted to the university not attending his lectures.
On a boat trip to Denmark, 14 of us had a lot of fun and we first was mad at me I then felt shame for this act, but not guilt.
hen I was with someone I love coloured boy. He called me names and was really upset.
hen they told me that I had got a study grant tests and I told my parents that I had passed but after they found out from the class teacher that I had failed, I was proved a liar.
hen my father was saved from a severe work accident The station-mistress treated me like a criminal almost.
I met my friend and he gave me a wonderful present as it was my of boys and girls some of whom were my friends and a girlfriend apart from being classmates.
[ Cycling in the spring sunshine gives me such delight.  congregation.
When I got to know that I had passed the university entrance my friend's girlfriend.
When I passed the B.A exams and my parents allowed me to carry on I liked him but because I needed some sort of company. The consequences weren't as I expected and caused me much shame.
Talkiing about the past happy hours with two friends at night in varnish, this pulled it all off and I didn't admit my guilt.
When I saw my 16 year old sister at home after having waited for and didn't stop stuttering.
The day some friends of mine and I decided to go to Galicia on birthday of my girlfriend.
When I was offered a high position of trust, which I later when he invited me to come to watch Drama festival.
A friend of mine told me that I had passed the entrance exam to he was cheering for us.
When last year in college I received the award ""Best Student of the Year"", the cup.
hen my brother was born handicapped people and don't wish to be seen in public with them.
I watched a football match with my old friend.  The performance excuse for not doing better. Made mistakes I could not believe I made.
After my girl and I talked things over our relationship changed act very responsibly and one of them was injured.
I was told quite unexpectedly that one wanted me to become the not allowed to participate in football (soccer) games for two weeks. That was very unpleasant.
When I saw that I had passed the university entrance exam.  It going to. I felt that I had let myself and my parents down.
When I passed the B.A exams with 1st class.  I was the first in understand words or comprehend the topic of discussion.
A few days ago, I hitch-hiked to Arnhems with a friend. when I was picked up by the police for being drunk in a public place.
I was spending the week-end with some friends.  We were waiting down the hall to the shower in front of his housemates. I felt they were judging me.
hen I passed the first examination that I had to repeat brothers and sisters unfairly.
alking to a close friend completely ruined for the host, carpets had to be cleaned, etc.
hen I got accepted to CAL to a sexual relationship that had a large physical content. Born out of inconsistency with my personal beliefs and value shame at largely using this sexual partner.
I felt joy when I was admitted to the Higher Agricultural young and pretty naive and he was pretty crude and real, sort of, macho. It was dark, at night during the summer and we were talking.
I went to a doctor with a complaint. The doctor told me that I problems I'd caused.
I was for the first time on a brigade this year. At that time my other people.
My old boyfriend - yes the same one - asked me out. We had a good also informed.
 Being close to another person. present point in time in outrageous activity.
Naturally when I got myself discharged this was my second my rear causing my tray also to land on the floor.
oing unexpectedly well in an examn me. The next day he came down with the flu and we thought he was going to die.
At church camp when I accepted Christ into my life and so did my already had a previous paper late and promised not to do it again.
After being depressed because of a very bad relationship, my much about what had been said or done during the party on the previous night.
A holiday at a whitesand deserted beach. A cool evening near the embarassing situation from my past.
I felt the greatest burst of joy when after being heavily ill for without realizing it.
I spoke with a friend on the phone who I haven't seen in many for (patient lived, no complications fortunately).
When I look at people around and know that people who are stupid present.
When I got a message that I was employed as a nurse at a start of something serious and I just thought it was fun and I told her I wasn't interested in starting a serious relationship.
I had met someone and we became good friends. Our relationship to feel guilty about having sex with my boyfriend when it was only ""the thing to do"", and not really an act of love.
Found out that the girl I love loves me, too. betrayed her with another woman.
Being invited out by a person I wished to get closer to. He out of the bag.
My girlfriend gave me some feed-back and I understood that it language of Maori at an important function where I was the only woman in the group and it was expected of me.
y father promoted to be a professor than I had originally intended.
Third highest grade in the class and the best answer given for accept my Visa !
Girlfriend arriving back from overseas and picking her up from autonomous nerve system (I could not help it).
hen I heard that I had made it to the second year at UNZA friends dinner. Told ""Not to Speak"". The attitude by him was
 felt joy when my boyfriend proposed to me in marriage negative/I was in mid 20s, I had done many things - a wide range of experiences. Probably greater than he.
When I got home from my job, I found a letter from the university he left I felt ashamed because I should have let him leave when he wanted. I was too selfish.
I was very glad when I learned I was a student already. I heard parent father, shame of hurting people emotionally. A misconceived self-blaming that didn't do me any good. Shame at being myself as I am.
When the whole family gets together for a one week holiday.  The value of the property destroyed was approximately 15 000 FIM. I felt ashamed when my parents came to know about this.
I felt glad when I took the rather difficult organic chemistry priviledge. Not using it positively.
After watching the 49ers lose game after game, year after year, I got a book and wanted to study hearing music. Then I went to a place were I could do it, but when I passed by a door a bell rang and a man came saying that I couldn't leave with the book.
On the cliff by the sea, the silence and the sudden voice of a family car received minor damage.
hen I was admitted to the Higher Institute to a large extent.
I sensed a strong feeling of joy when in the plant, at my working English lecture and I was not on the list.
When I unexpectedly received birthday greetings from a person I person was listening.
After a difficult exam. When I had not hoped to take it and had our best friends live together in an apartment. My boyfriend and I dropped by on one of their birthdays and stayed for dinner. Two other people had already been invited and I felt uncomfortable and unwanted. Then I realized I was the one who always called them and they rarely call me.
I passed an exam which I was not sure at all to pass.  I rejoyced expected of me was not going to be in.
I was sitting for an exam in biochemistry, I was very excited supposed to.
I spent a lovely relaxing evening with my boyfriend. We played right.
 shot the decisive goal in an ice-hockey match what I call real name.
When I succeded in establishing a contact with a girl (who is now long time.
hen I first passed a job interview genuinely took notice of it. I felt shame that I was almost taking the part of a husband, or at least an equal which I should not.
I feel joy usually after each taken exam, the last one was in fright and because I was nervous.
I took a math midterm and I knew I did really well and it was foot-ball road trip to USC. We trashed our hotel room and I felt ashamed when the maid walked in the next morning.
alking to a close friend because I am rigid in my moving around during a dance, I stopped very soon.
When my lover and I felt like we had gone full circle. And our and he proceded to lecture me.
After going through much shame, I became a Christian and result I failed. I then invented idle stories to talk it good for myself and the others.
When the bank let me borrow some money this winter, after my bag spread all around while I was going through the metal detector.
Letting Jesus take control of my emotions i.e., ill feeling. so that everyone starts to laugh.
hen I was accepted at UNZA already was sleeping.
hen I found out I got accepted to Berkeley cheated a little and graded my own higher.
Did well in an examn just before my father's birthday: the best broke several things I felt very ashamed for I am not a sloven.
My cousin asked me to be a bridesmaid for her. This made really conservative government.
 won the country ski championship was taken, although it was not locked.
oy at meeting a woman I love very much the semester. I insisted on being in the right section and the TA's list should have included my name. When I found out that I was in the wrong, I apologized, turned red and left.
On my birthday, my closest friends were here at Berkeley pithched prejudiced as other people whom I had condemned.
Receiving a letter form a girl that means a lot to me class. It was a totally low grade.
The day I was told that I had been accepted as a student of occurs. Then I eat everything, I act like a glutton I eat big amounts of food, sometimes even half a loaf.
ad a nice letter from my close friend forgot that the purpose is to invite people for dinner and get to know them.
hen I found our my mother didn't have cancer drunk I felt very ashamed.
A good friend, the wife of the vicar of my church came up to me secretary where the test took place. We went over there and thought there was a course. So we went back again I felt ashamed that the secretary again should see me.
When I spoke to my daughter and wished her luck for the underwear was showing.
hen the contract about my shop was signed started looking at me.
My friend replying to my letter and again saying he was attracted me to lose weight. I am supposedly pursuing a modelling career but first I must lose weight. I had been trying to diet.
My boyfriend and I were getting dressed up and putting make-up her. Later she saw me and said hi.
elatives visiting me in the tube.
elating to my closest family for so long I had to keep it. To this day I feel ashamed at myself for having it. I never wear the thing anymore.
Riding home from school after completing two midterms in two a letter from my mom telling me how upset my grandparents are from not hearing from me.
hen in an economic crisis I got an unexpected sum of money buy books.
When I was admitted to the Institute. I had problems with many eating with some people and a little boy I took care of. I warned him often not to knock down his glass of mild. When I took out his chair I knocked down my own glass.
hile dancing in a restaurant last week relieved, and was ashamed of that.
Felt joy a few years ago when I was away on holiday. And sat very ashamed in front of my parents.
I had a dream : I had a very close friend who had several stone primary school.
hina winning the Asian Olympic games (TV) was in a car accident. My teacher rang that night to see how my mother was - she was fine i.e. no accident !
When I meet old past pupils of mine - and find they are all doing about very personal things.
Football was a very big deal at my high school, so I was joyous school.
I was coming home from an exam and I supposed that I had 15 year olds aren't usually expected to have - mainly alcohol, marijuana and contraceptives !
y 3 children - each top his class in the final exams 1984 causing great pain, and for me, severe embarassment at my own ineptitude, and shame that another person suffered as a result.
Joy for me is when all my family gather around home for special was absolutely inebriated and was sick into a bucket.
hen my daughter was born and people told me that girls are more likely to be chosen.
Achievement of a task by a friend who had begun a new job. She members of my peer group while still at school.
ear a very nice joke made by a friend believed I was acting honestly and fairly.
Being reunited with my family after not having seen them for 5 done it and knowing that they knew.
I experienced joy at a friend's 22nd birthday party. We had good exploitation of a female (years ago) i.e. had her on even for sexual motives.
 A successful lesson. girlfriend.
My mother along with some of my friends gave me a surprise because I DIDN'T LIKE HER.
When a cousin of mine was discharged from the hospital after       people were stirrers and causing trouble in our country. I felt shame to be a pakeha when other pakehas had such narrow conservative views.
ound my name on the list of attending the English lectures I get mad at myself and say that I could have done better.
I am a school teacher. At a teacher-parent meeting I received a and the tutor found them alike.
Passing my pharmacy exams which meant my tertiary education for Olympics.
My parents and brother came up over the weekend. We are a very wall. It caved in and so I had to show it to my parents. I had been angry after my mother said something to me about not being able to find clothes in my size - something that I'm sensitive about. (6' 5'' 210)
When I went for a picnic in Lonavala, I felt full of joy. my own thoughts and feelings.
When I passsed the M.S.C board exams with first class, which I feld my sister was responsible for his death, in that she ""hadn't
I was very happy when I received the year end results as I was loved him"". I felt ashamed for myself, and for my family.
I am a sportwoman as well. I felt joy when after an year of didn't like her. I told her he did and she bugged him for a long time embarrassing herself.
When my friend told me that he would come and meet me in a Then I discovered that one of my best friends, who had just been through a very sad case of mutual infidelity, was listening.
I acted in an English play in college and got the Best Actress her in later days.
hen I was admitted to the University discovered that his daughter was listening.
etting into this university have a fight who were already experiencing difficulties with each other.
hen I got first division in the exams before leaving school school. That was my first and last time.
When I learned I was admitted to study what I wanted most - having to see my parents later.
hen my affairs with the girl I love settled positively allowed to stay outdoors after 8 p.m.  One day when I was late, I made up a story that our neighbour had invited me to his place, though I had actually forgotten about the time while playing with my pals.
When I felt that an exam, which I had feared, was an easy one and respect.
I passed successfully the preliminary exam for a participation in life-partner threw all the books off the shelf.  I am sure that it disturbed our neighbours since this happened late in the night.
When I got an unexpected letter from  a guy, who had been my school behaved in a very evil and ugly manner in front of the hotel personnel.
When I got permission to study at a place which was far away from my the specialist clinics. We are so backward in medicine.
ulgaria won a football match against France invalids.
etting into this university to do medicine of these circumstances.
 felt joy when my two twin sisters were born question which I could not answer.  Finally the teacher himself gave us the answer and my friends started laughing at me as I had not been able to answer a simple question.  I knew the answer but feared that my response may be wrong.  All this made me feel ashamed of myself.
I went for a walk on the beach with a friend whom I had not seen collector came in and I had to pay the fine. I did it with a feeling of shame.
I am not especially good at English, and after the high school exams I scored the highest marks.  Then the exams were postponed and I neglected my studies as I was confident.  However when the final results came out I felt ashamed as I had scored less than 60% marks and my rank in the class was fifth or sixth.
The period when I was pregnant and when I gave birth to my son. I did not want any help.  However, I blocked it and I had to get the janitor to help me out.  He reproached me for not having followed the instructions
When I got 21/30 points in an exam of statistics. The result was book off-hand, I was quite uneasy and I felt I didn't manage.
When I was pressing figures on the curtain cloth. I had bought in gymnastics. I felt this feeling two days later when I stood face to face with my teacher, whom I highly appreciated and respected.
y best friend chosen for your English lectures tended to boast a little, till I realized that the listener was amused.
When after an overwhelming anxiety and enquiry, I understood I started to talk imitating him.
 won a sport contest me the reason for my absence.
That afternoon I rushed home to look at the result slip of the with copying at a class-work at school.
When I got a first class in the twelveth standard exams, I was very ashamed at having given the wrong impression about what I wanted to say.  Thoughtlessness.
hen my son was born when the ticket-collector came it turned out that I had forgotten it. The shame I felt was great though it was not done on purpose.
Begining the week-end with my girlfriend : cozyness, beer and tells me anything.
hen I had my four children and without understanding the problems of the man I love.
eeting a loved man with a conductor or a producer unfamiliar to me.
hen I understood I was admitted to the Sofia University mirror.  My back looked unpresentable and I felt ashamed at my wanting to wear those clothes that day.  I quickly changed into another dress.
I sensed such a feeling when I understood I was admitted to the learned.
At a friend's birthday party with some of my closest friends.  It order to sound jolly, to charm a person whom I wanted to impress.  I sold my friend, I was despicable.
hen I passed the B.A exams with first class results with me only because of my defect.
eceiving a letter from a boy I care caused her trouble.
hen I was admitted to the University ""a three"" and he agreed but even he felt quite awkward
When I got home from a pleasant trip abroad, I got to know that I NB: In Bulgarian schools ""a three"" is the second worst mark.
hen I understood that I was admitted to the University important to our relationship.
 was very happy when I passed the B.A with first class marks my work and say that I am the brightest student of the college.
A quarrel was followed by the decision of leaving a person close inside.
inding out that I can go to your English lectures friends who had been invited had to suffer.  We, the organizers of the party, did not drive the intruders away.
I felt joy when I saw my daughter after a separation of twenty part. But I had forgotten all about it and I felt quite awkward when I had to show what I had prepared.
Last year I passed the B.A exams in Psychology in which I stood first incultivated people because my fiancT is a foreigner.
Getting sent on a company expense trip to another state to work lavatory.  My cousin told grandma and she came.
ticle published and questioned me about it.
inding out that I am not ill (not seriously) foreign students playing loud music (China's shame).
hen I met with friends that I hadn't seen for a long time tried to commit suicide. To meet him you wouldn't think so. I told another friend of mine about this when she was feeling depressed about her twin brother's suicide. I broke a bond of confidentiality.
 got to know that I had been accepted at university of the class. I was not really prepared and I was just reading the stuff I had on a piece of paper, when some of the students  asked me something I could not give them an answer.  I felt ashamed as I had not prepared the topic.
When I hooked a girl in Kitwe.  She was very beautiful for my paying bills).]
Six months ago when I got acquaintanced with a person whom I visitor's purse. It wasn't noticed for some hours.
When I finished my C.S. Project I was overjoyed. I felt relieved of my marital break-up and the unfair way I was treated.
A sunny Autumn day, after a long rainy period. I too had been apprehended at the same age I felt the shame of not having been able to prevent my son from acting in the same way.
hen I was accepted as a student that he had told about it to a friend of his.
During the exam period I studied in the library alone.  A close   ""street walker"" - I had a friend form overseas with me and was
I felt it when on duty in the hospital I understood that I was falsely trying to impress with my family.
I was happy when I understood that the girl I liked was in love answer in the presence of the patients.
 got a fairly large amount of my taxes back birthday. Her (older - in 30s) cousin, really wanted me to get drunk cos I'd visited their (cousin & wife) place quite a bit, but had always been very careful - brought up to believe in moderation in drink (but not guilt repression etc). I mixed drinking with smoking (which I rarely did) and got drunk and had to leave the table to get sick in the loo, and later went home and was sick again; have never felt so awful in my life. And I didn't want to face or tell my other flatmates, or family.
hen I knew that my husband and I were going to have a child wherever I went, in different sutuations. I was small and I had to be taken to kindergarten, but me the fool didn't dare to tell exactly where, finally as a result I was late.
Winning a close volleyball game. (I'm on the intercollegiate team to take place 15 days after the exams and I tried to convince myself that this was the reason for my not having done well.   However, I thought that had I really put my mind to doing well at the exams I would have done well.
alling in love money and things. I was ashamed to be a woman.
I was very happy when I got the message that I had been accepted psychology.
When I learned that my parents were going abroad and leaving me picking my nose.
hen I first came to the campus person very close to me, when we should have been having a good time together.
After much trouble getting together in the first place my older, strange woman.
I unexpectedly met a girl with whom I have always got along well. university, although I had been appointed to formally oppose the paper which was being presented.
irst public speaking tried to give me a three by asking me some very easy questions. I burned with shame then.
I started a new branch of studies after having failed a former and the teacher criticized me.
When I got my results - I had passed the form III exams.  I had headed and did not have sex until 18 and out of high school.
hen my family allowed me to do higher studies the yard to examine a row of machines. But we seemed not to have fulfilled our task well, because when our teacher came and asked me a question I was unable to answer. I felt awkward because he didn't deserve it.
When I was accepted for further education, here at the a close friend and I were accused of cheating on a math exam.
hen I was admitted to the University about it.
After my marriage I received the B.Sc results by post, I was very unfortunately unloaded a lot of my hostility off on one of my parents. I'm ashamed that I didn't dispate and control these feelings before coming to the table or even let the energy build up in the first place.
y girlfriend sent me a letter with a shiny picture in it has negative effects which are caused by my behavior.
The day when my son said for the first time ""mummy"". later that I had been inconsiderate, at a wrong moment and the wrong place.
hina winning the Asian Olympic games one time I hit her and knocked the wind out of her. I felt real bad about it.
My first feeling of falling in love.  Coming across a person who prepared on the subjects but he put some side-issues to me and I couldn't answer.
A party with no worries (i.e. no tests homework etc.) many coevals) were very king to us. One night we smeared our foreign friends with tooth-paste while they were sleeping and then we roused the whole camp by our shouts. Later I was so sorry. I didn't utter a word for two days, then I went to apologize.
The sense of joy comes to me always after a period of depression, through my fault. I felt strong shame because I had the spirits of a good driver.
When, to my surprise, I got to know about having got ""very good"" carry him some promised papers. I haven't done it until this day. Now I feel quite awkward when I meet him.
y son was born people with a high standard of living.
When I received a positive answer from my appeal to withdraw my there a few hours and when leaving the hotel, I felt ashamed.
hen I passed the B.A exams with first class results and screaming at a person who I felt had done me wrong - in effect lowering myself to their level.
My mother, sister and I were thinking about old times, our familiar with the etiquette and acted tactlessly because of my ignorance.
After 10 days of hard work and having suffered many changes I but I got really drunk with some friends earlier that afternoon and evening. So, I totally forgot about going out with my girlfriend. She showed up the next day, and that was when I remembered.
hen I found out that I can travel with my best friend teacher was with her back to me but right when I was taking the materials out she turned round and saw me.
When I am with friends and I do what pleases me this often exam, when I actually did not even take it.
 realized the girl liked to be with me enough money to pay the bill. There were a lot of people there and I felt quite awkward.
My joy was the joy of meeting again.  My husband came home after myself. I didn't fare so well on the exam and I felt bad about it.
 felt very happy when I won the football pools too old parents. I have felt hurt and shy when they have left them to the mercy of fate.
hought had discovered true love cought.
hen  fell in love with my present girlfriend ""No"".
 got a very good grade on one of my midterms a few weeks ago ignored me. I felt I had lowered my pride and became his ""doormat"".
Meeting best friend at the airport (boyfriend) who I had missed them.
I felt vvery happy when I was accepted at UNZA for my studies.  party where there was a lot of alcohol and I became drunk. On the next day I felt sort of ashamed when I remembered what I had said and done on the night before.
When my brother who has been out of New Zealand for 10 years came (the stadium was packed with people) and I lost my shoe in the crowd. Our attempts to find it didn't give any result and I had to go home without one shoe. In other words to cross the whole town !
oing to a concert shame for not studying as much as I should have. I was ashamed of the results of the midterm.
I was told that I had passed the statistics exam.  I had not diseases, simply because the assistant professor is a person who deserves high respect.
When I finally got a job after days of wondering whether I would grown weary of it and said : ""I would like to throw the book on
When I had achieved a goal indirectly. I work for CAL Football the arse of Kuikka"".  My classmate said : ""Now, he is sitting
 got a job right after school was over there and waiting for the book"" (Kuikka was one of the most quiet
When some friends of mine asked me to go camping with them for a boys of the class).  I was ashamed of myself.
enewed contact with an earlier friend the library, because I had to keep it for a longer time.
Hearing that I had been successful in getting a position whereby it a couple of times.  When she asked me about it the third time, I was ashamed at my absent-mindedness.
inding my glasses again after having lost them in town prepared to overcome certain obstacle in my life.
ound out my wife (girl-friend?) pregnant I was invited to my friend's place to stay for the night, it happened again.  I was ashamed of myself.
inding out I was chosen for the English lectures something I had read earlier, and I did not know the answer, so I felt ashamed in front of the whole class.
rticle published later, he begged me not to sell his new shoes which he messed up after wearing them for the first time.
When I found out that I had passed the last two exams by a national holiday as a servant.
When my former boyfriend and I reconciled and he decided that I irritated and I told him what I thought of him in plain language.  I was ashamed of myself when I met him the next day.
When I went to the pub with a large group of friends, we drank asked me something) and the assistant professor made me a sharp remark.
he last time I had sex another girl home. Next morning when I started getting sober I felt quite ashamed of myself.
I was very pleased and happy when my older sister came home from getting good grades ?"" I say, ""Great, just fine !"" Actually, I
Today I did a lot better on my architecture project than I feel ashamed about myself.
Receiving a postcard form my sweetheart who was abroad on that I was going to a seminar. My mother knew that I was lying but she didn't stop me.
eceiving my result slip (pass) on my birthday War.
on a prize for effort in the train.  I had drunk so much that when I got home I fell asleep in the entrance hall.  I have never drunk that much, neither before nor after that incident.  I was ashamed because my mother and my sister had to see me in that state and my father had to carry me to bed.
alking to my close friend friend, although it was absolutely possible for me. Nothing was revealed but I haven't called up this person since then.
irth of children dependiong on me.
elling my used car myself - how little I knew and how good was the examinor. I rarely become ashamed.
anaged to run 30 Km on skis fairly simply professor whom I highly respect.
Yesterday when I received a B on a history midterm. I felt sister, and with me too.
When I was finally able to return to a job that I enjoyed doing vomitted in the basin of the classroom.
Reading a letter from a close friend who said he missed me and foreign language.
etting the top price in the football pools education.  I said something and then realized that I did not know my friend's parents, their motives and education.  I felt ashamed at having talked about something I did not know anything about.
aster holiday - I had been working weekends and had just left issues and made me feel very ashamed of my political ignorance.
Winning a rowing race at a Karapiro regatta. With 7 other
I was feeling really low - had been a series of fights with my
Having passed the exam required to be an authorized Radio/TV
Getting my kitten, found at work several years ago, taking him
earing Fran Wilde introduce the Bill
inning the local soccer championships this year was a great joy
When I received the result slip of the higher level examination
I phoned a friend of mine to ask her for news about the marks in
Receiving understanding from within self of a subject I had
aking in morning (early morning) and having whole day to myself
When I gave birth to my son and saw that he was alive and that I
 went home and visited with my family and friends
hen I was selected to a University College of Nursing
etting my accentance letter from CAL
I did a solo flight from Ardmore to Kaikohe before I got my pilot
When I drove partially across the country with my father. We
eunion with my wife after a legal separation
ucceeding in helping others
Returning to school and rejoining my girlfriend after 3 months of
The feeling of joy when again I had confessed my sin and
Finding out I am chosen to collect norms for Chinese aphasia (I
 gave my mom a gift she wanted for years. I raflected her joy
At my wedding - standing with the man I love and acknowledging
I received the message that I'd been accepted at the school where I
inding out that the person I love understands me
A close acquaintace cried for me. I felt happy because somebody
hen my first niece was born
When I won a position on the track-team for the trans-tasman
eceiving a nice present from my parents
hen I received a letter of acceptance to CAL
First time I slept with my present girlfriend. Had been best
After attending a song contest proposed by a band called ""Chyne""
Receiving close friends form abroad, whom I hadn't seen for
My sister, whom I like very much, asked me for a favour which I
aw poverty in the countryside
A young, close relative of mine died, leaving behind a baby a few
When my ex-girlfriend and I discovered that there was a certain risk
y grandmother died
It was shocking news to me when I received a telegram from home
I felt sad when I heard that my cousin had passed away just
hen our dog died
hen I learnt that my close friend was going to immigrate
When the thing that made my friends and relatives sad happened to
A relationship in which I had put my trust, broke up.  I was sad
inding out that China is still backward in science
ot doing well in an examn
After hearing about the death of my grandfather.  First I could
Years ago on Christmas Eve I felt very sad because I realized for
When I thought that it was going to be impossible for me to start
 experienced this emotion when my grandfather passed away
 person died (not really a friend)
hen an earlier friend was spreading negative rumours about me
My grandfather died, I went to the mortuary and saw the corpse.
inding out that life span in China is shorter than in the West
 friend's brother died
I quarrelled with my younger sister because I had said something
hen my studies are too demanding and I cannot cope with it
I am a Christian but I cannot find any meaning in life . It
 felt sad and depressed when I heard that our cat had died
I had cared for a horse for 2 years. One day it was sold and I
hen I was told that a good friend was seriously ill
hen I was accused of neglecting work for the wrong reasons
y old teacher in primary school died
When I heard of the death of a friend who had just finished her
When I think about the short time that we live and relate it to
When I argue with my mother about the way she treats her two
hen I found that my coldness had hurt somebody's sincerity
When my uncle died I saw a funeral for the first time. All people
elative's death
y mother was ill and my father was not at home
I had had a farewell party at the place where I had been working
Being away from a very close friend, I was away from Finland
The elections of 1982 and 1985.  The thought of what a social
hen my girlfriend left me
After I had lived with my boyfriend in a foreign country for half
One night my father suddenly suffered from a heart attack which
My sister was impolite to my father when the family was having
When I heard that my Uncle had passed away in a road traffic
My friend was pregnant, but lost her child during the second
When the result of a project work was treated nonchalantly
Being bored in school, not being able to marry and have children.
y mother's death
I could not meet my love, after having waited for a month, due to
When my half brother became seriously ill with cancer and died
he death of my grandmother
hen my grandmother died of cancer
When I feel lonely, perhaps because I have to study a lot and I
When I saw the list of books to read for an acccouting course, I
Discovering that Lillehammer provided no musical environment that
This issue worried me rather than saddening me.  In mid September
I talked to my boyfriend on the phone when I was in high spirits
Christmas Eve: there was a tension between my parents, they did
A close acquaintance of the family died of lung cancer. 
When we were on holidays my girl-friend had to leave me after 4
hen my cousin passed away
The death of my father, even though we had not been very close to
hen my girlfriend told me that she wanted to leave me
When my mother went through an operation, it was not very serious
y uncle died in the Vietnam War
[ A person close to me told me that his positive regard depended
My cut was run over by a car. After searching for a long time I
t the death of a close relative
y father suddenly fell ill and died
When I was left alone one week-end without being prepared for
The last time I felt sad and disappointed was when I did not do
My grandmother died, and my mother called me one sunday morning
Not being chosen for the English lectures (my girl-friend
 saw a lot of starving people in a T.V news report
When I applied for a job which I thought I had a good chance of
Found out that my grandmother might have been misdiagnosed as a
When my grandfather died, with whom I had a very close
Our dog had to be shot because he had killed a roe. I liked him
My best friend had failed Exams. She had to leave and so we got
hen I had to leave my mother and my sister after a week's visit
hen I read a lot and did not remember anything
When I was a child I was playing on the upper deck of the bed
My got my mathematics test's marks and could not believe that it
hen I think about my parents getting old
hen my grandmother died
y parents failed to visit me as they promised
When I learnt that I had failed an exam,  This not only influenced
 No response.
[ When I am, in my opinion, not understood correctly. ]
 got to know about the death of a close friend
y grandmother died
When I was transferred from Chichiri Secondary School to St.
I was told by a good friend that we couldn't be friends any more
inding out my best friend cannot go to the English lectures
When realizing that my girlfriend and myself in fact had started
I was sad when I heard that my cousin died because of being
I felt sad after having had an argument with my boyfriend.  I felt
About two years ago my girlfriend suggested that we separate. 
My favourite horse died. We had tried our best to save him, but
ong illness
y father left us for another woman
y grandfather's funeral
y good friend misunderstood me
I tried to talk to my parents over the phone, as I wanted to go
he inability to read a book at college
My grandfather was seriously ill, he had only a few days left to
y best friend suddenly acting strange towards me
hen I had not understood anything after a lecture
 very close friend left me
fter an exam which I failed
eceived by other people and ran into trouble
hen I failed my Standard 8 Examination for the first time
I had taken the responsibility to do something and I had
When I was 9 years old, I got a cat, but after 3 days he died. I
My child passed away after a short illness when he was just
hen I was not chosen to go to your English lectures
After a meeting ended we started talking about when we would
A good friend quitted me after he had behaved in a strange
After some friends had come to see me. They had stayed for
I felt sad at having to leave my girlfriend after constant problems
Estrangement from my best woman friend.  We have been going
e had to finish the life of our 8 year-old dog
A friend of mine, who had repeated a year at school once before,
When I did not get the salary increase that I had been expecting
My current work load is too much.  The feeling comes back from
I had to give up my love, because it did not work out well.
hen I lost the person who meant the most to me
A few years ago my mother suffered from canccer and died within
A woman I know is slowly dying from cancer. Observing this
 No response.
I felt sad when a thief stole all the clothes from my friend's
 close friend of mine had not contacted me for a long time
When I realized that my girlfriend, whom I like, and I were going
During the Christmas holidays, I went to see my parents and
Being sexually assulted and told my friends about it (we cried
I wanted to be pregnant and did not succeed, so I was depressed   
When my boyfriend wanted to leave me, I felt sad and melancholic.
 case of unrequited love
Finding out that China is poor, so we cannot have good reference
When I said good-bye to my girlfriend.  I had spent two years on
he breaking up of a long lasting relationship
A friend told me that he had suffered in love and in academics. 
I arranged with a friend to go skating the next day. He asked me
I had a long discussion on politics with an acquaintance.  He
hen my gradmother died
Having to go back home form the U.S. after having been there for
inding out I am not good looking
 horse which I had liked very much was taken away
Power cut made me unable to listen to the songs sung by my
When I left New York, and all my family and my friends behind me.
One of my good friends had to migrate to America.  Our friendship
 missed the last tram home and had to walk in the pouring rain
When we decided, my boyfriend and I, that we would separate, I
When my friend did not pass the high school graduation
I was at home alone when I realized that a young roe approached
When my friends did not ask me to go to a New Year's party
hen the gear broke on my car
 feel sad about an event I can not influence
When I was six years old, my favourite cat died.
hen my grandparents moved to another part of the town
ot winning a medal in the swimming contest
y girlfriend gave me the mitten (left me)
hen I heard that my friend had started drinking beer
There was a conflict of interest between me and a close friend of
When I began to read a thick book, which I had a limited time to
inding out that my best friend could not go to university
 received a letter form home telling me that my sister was very sick
eath of my father; he died of laryngeal cancer
ailing examn
y mother's death
My sweetheart left me, or rather we decided to break it off by
ailing an examination
Iqam chosen for your lecture and my best friend is not. Now he is
I had a schoolmate who went to the hospital as her brain was
Realizing that school will soon be over, and we will all go
[ When after a night of sleeping in another's arms, one wakes
I heard that a friend had died in an accident; group situation:
My child, unexpectedly started acting in a restless and
My son's mother told me that she wanted to move to Vienna and
When I am alone in a room with no contact with anyone -
I was watching T.V with my parents and some pornographic scenes
he death of a close friend
 girl I love does not love me
I would have liked to go out to chat with some acquaintances, but
I heard of the death of a closefriend of mine.  I had gone camping       
fter an operation I had to stay in bed for a long time
hen I was told that my friend's wife had cancer
 No response.
A and I were walking along the new Asia stairway to the Chung Chi
My grandfather died, when I was an exchange student in the USA.
When the grandmother of my friend died in a hospital. My friend
My guinea-pig had been ill for a couple of days.  One evening,
hen I am at home alone
y partner left me after we had been together for a long time
y father gave money to my brother but not to me
I wrote a letter to my boyfriend but he couldn't answer it in
eath of a relative
ue to some reasons my boyfriend and I decided to separate
Talking to a pensioned and bitter ""street order"" policeman.
Recent break-up of seriors long-term relationship, helped along
hen my grandmother died. I had lived with her for ten years
eneral Ye Jianying died
ost my girl-friend
hen my grandmother died - at her funeral
When my sister left to go home, in Sweden, after the Christmas
I met again a very good friend after a year and realized that
I had asked the teacher to write a recommendation letter for me,
aw a father beating up his small child
y boy-friend an I seperated on his initiative
aw the village I come from still pay money to buy wife
y best friend was not chosen for the English lectures
hen a girlfriend left me
My father had a complicated operation. A long time before and
As a ten-year-old I was at the funeral of my grand-father.  It was more
hen my grandmother died
 friend misunderstood me
 No reponse.
hen my grandfather died
I was on my way back from the Inter Rail, on board the ferry from
eath of my grandmother
he quarrel between my  parents
 No response.
y teacher's death
y parents told me that they do not like my friend
After having left the company of someone who gave me a lot of
hen I heard that a good friend had committed suicide
hen one's studies seem hopelessly difficult and uninteresting
When I failed an exam last Summer.  I had worked very hard for it
hen I woke up after a nightmare
hen I learnt that I had been betrayed by my friend
I lead a rather secure life.  The only thing I can remember is a
 No response.
I was very sad when I heard that my brother had failed the
eath of a close friend
ot getting the reference paper
Last year when I worked during the Summer holidays and studied
 did not quite succeed in breast feeding my baby
When I noticed obvious marks of old age (in a negative sense) on
I was very sad when I heard that my uncle had passed away
When my grandmother died. I had a very deep relation to her (I
I received a message that my elder brother was involved in a car
 had drunk a couple of beers and my fiancee got angry at me
 was sad when I saw that a beautiful girl was not attainable
 No response.
Several years ago my brother died in an accident. When I heard
My sweatheart were away on a trip, and then she got problems.
 Same as in anger.
When I was younger I was very good in apparatus gymnastics. I
ecturers being unfair to me in reports
 was very sad when I heard that my Auntie had passed away
Watching an old lady running up the street to catch her bus and
One of my class-mates had a disease unexpectedly, he had been in
When my boyfriend openly let me down, preferring another girl.
ot being able to do well to be chosen for the English lecture
ove problems
When my uncle died whom I had loved very much. I was very sad and
hen I forgot the lyrics during a song contest
I was on a class excursion, by boat to Stockholm.  At night my
hen my ex-boyfriend and I separated
I have been thinking of changing my major for a few months.  My
When the guy I was in love with told me that he had met someone
y friend not allowed to go to the English lectures
Losing close people and animals. So far, I've felt most when
y father dying
y sister marrying a bad man. He is cruel to her
At the begining of a new course one is afraid of encountering
When I heard that my father had passed away. I could not eat for
 No response.
I met some nice people during my holdidays. When they left I knew
hen a close friend died
hen another person's mother died
isappointed by a friend
eath of General Ye Jianying
My father died unexpectedly at the age of 53 years. He certainly
reaking up with a girl
I worked for seven months in a factory, and made friends with a
he death of my father
When my grandfathers died and I realized how much I would miss
When I found that my ability to do ordinary work was worse than
he death of a close relative
Talking to a very good friend who had just had a very bad
When I was a child I had a grass-parakeet I liked very much. His
My sister won a scholarship to Norway and it was particularly as
When I went home on holidays I found that my niece and nephew had
hen I was not accepted as a student in finance and accounting
ot getting a job
hen my dog died
When I was ill and had to stay at the hospital for a period of
hen my grandmother died after a long illness
Two little children (5/6 years old) begging for money, and noone
My father won't be so pleased with me as if I was elected ""Three
The fact that my mother is getting married again (my mother and
My little cat which I had raised all by myself, hanged itself when
During the Physics experiment session I did not understand the
nsulted by my mother
t set-backs
At a lack of love of my father for my mum, sadness for him more
y grandfather's death
id badly in an examn
hen I failed an exam
When my car froze, and I could not start it.
Several years ago my mother died. She had been ill for a long
When I feel helpless after having tried to help someone without
When my grandfather died, I saw my grandmother crying against my
In 1977, my grandfather, to whom I had a very close relationship,
I knew a girl so lovely that everyone would like her.  But she
Got a package from my parents, without even a small note
My father had a heart attack when I was not at home (I was still
I suddenly found that those whom I considerered to be my good
hen my cousin passed away
hen my grandmother died
When my grandfather died. When I heard about his death, I had a
y grandmother died suddenly last summer
ot getting on with someone of my classmates in high school
When I understood that my marriage was falling apart, and we
he death of my grandmother
Whenever I read or think about the way people treat animals and
When I learnt that I had to repeat the first year, I found the
When I had to move away from home to study, and I knew that I
y father told me in the letter that my mother is ill
When I heard about the death of somebody I liked very much and I
When I recently thought about the hard work it takes to study, and 
ailway station good-bye
My examination results were not satisfactory even though I had
When I realized that I could not communicate properly with my
fter my boyfriend and I had separated
 lost my purse that had money in it. I was sad until I found it
eath in the close family
When I was told that I had not been successful in getting the job I
hen one of my cat died of a disease
y friend still trusts me as a friend
y girl-friend left me
hen my grandmother passed away
When I was eight years old my father was run over by a car. When
When my grandmother died; I had a stronger relation to her than
When I watched the T.V programme called ""The living planet"" and
When I didn't get a certain job at Lillehammer which I wanted
When I crashed my car and it had to be scrapped then.  It was my
I had been separated from my girlfriend for about a year.  On her
The long lasting illness of my grand-mother, and the changes in
I made a long-distance call to people rather close to me and I
hen my grandmother died of cancer
inding out that the girl I like does not like me
My girlfriend who had spent 6 months abroad broke off our
When I was in lower six class during the Summer I joined a
My academic result was poor and I had to repeat the second year. 
A friend told me about his cousin who is my girlfriend. He said
When my best friend promised to come at my house and I had to
I separated with the one I liked most.  She refused all my dates
hen my grandfather died
Finding out about the university does not have enough foreign
hen a colleague failed to contact me at the arranged time
eing misunderstood by friends
hen I could not do anything because of a bad back
 felt sad when my father was sick
My cat died from an illness.  It had been with us for 7 years. 
When I heard about the death of Frantois Truffaut, the French motion 
y sister bkoke her leg
I received the mid-term exam paper of one of my major subjects
ot being accepted by classmates in university
hen out of work
I had to leave my girlfriend for 4 weeks because of my studies.
 Laziness makes one sad.
When my grandfather was sick, and died I felt more sad, though,
In May 18th, 1984 my boyfriend went to the U.S.A. In December I
My best friend had a relatively severe illness.  I was sad
In 1983, my results at the university entrance exam were very
Loneliness, being uncertain of myself in the Autumn.
 was sad to hear that my brother had a motorbike accident
When I think that I will probably never have a genuine contact
hen my boyfriend took me to his father's grave
Finding out that we cannot have good references because China is
My friend has to go on field trips, he just told me.
etting to know that my uncle in America had a brain tumor
arriage crises.  Boredom
 No response.
 No response.
When I came to know that my grandmother had died.  She was very
When I found out that I had failed to pass my exams during the
It was extremely sad to me when I heard that a patient who I was
When my dad gives priority to my kid brother's band and his
The breaking up of a relationship.  We decided that the
My mother suffers from a mental illness.  One night she was not
inding out I am not chosen for the English lectures
y boyfriend didn't turn up after promising that he was coming
When I came to know that a girl I was fond of already had a
When I see children on T.V from areas devastated by drought and
he loss of the woman who loved me most till today
When my grandfather died I was extremely sad.  However my family
ne of my best friends was hurt by a girl he loves
When my daughter had problems with her friends and I could see
Not succeeding in a cross-country skiing competition, which I
A colleague's 17 year old daughter is seriously ill with cancer
hen my girlfriend left me
I felt very sad when I had to give up something that by right was
When I was in primary 6, my father died.  I was very young then
 realized that the girl I loved had to leave me
reatment to become pregnant with a negative result
ooks refused to give me food
The thought of having to read a boring book of 400 pages in
I had a very short term romance during the summer vacations.  When
Hearing about developments of sience in the West a lot better
In my penultimate job I was responsible of a sections with
I heard that a former superior of mine had died, I was later at
hen I first heard that Tage Dannielsson had died
Last night I did not do very well in one of the subjects.  Before
My grandfather died. He lived almost as a recluse not caring for
ather lost his temper at home because he was mistreated at work
When my aunt, whom I had loved very much, died. When I heard
A friend of mine called me when I was not at home.  I phoned her
hen one is alone and knows that all the others are celebrating
hen my aunt died
hen my father was ill
Sometimes, when I'm alone I am seized by this feeling. But it
When I learnt that a boy I liked had been with a girl for three
Summer, heavy rain, storm - I was standing with my face stick to
My best friend got married and left her home-town to go and live
hen the man I loved decided to leave me forever
he death of a friend
[ When family mmembers or friends blame me for something I am not
I felt sadness when I remembered my former boyfriend with whom I
The thought that I'll never sit at the school desk again, caused
My friend got married and went abroad, this made me feel sad and
My son lives with my parents in the country and I feel this
 When friends and colleagues talk bad about me.
hen my sister died in a fire accident at home
hen I left a man in whom I really believed
hen I had an argument with a friend
When I missed my train this morning, I felt sad for some time.
t an unjust insult or injure
I was to meet a girl in a discotheque.  She was very pretty and I
When I am alone and listen to a song which I like very much and
Once my friend and I got into into a hot discussion on a very
At the death of my friend's father and especially as this
[ When someone tells me something that hurts me, I feel bad about
hen my parents got divorced
When I learned that my dad had cancer. I knew he was going to the
Sometimes I experience sadness for the Sports High School and for
I did not do as well as I expected on a chemistry exam. I
uy I cared for went back to Canada to live
hen my elder sister died
My brother in law was dying of cancer. To see him wasting away
hen I learned that two of my friends had had a serious car accident
When my husband lied to me, tricked me and when I had to leave my
A boy I look after for the probation service deliberately
I was watching a sunset after my latest boyfriend left me and I
hen I failed two subjects last year
When I learned that a friend of mine had not been speaking to her
Two years ago my best friend died in an accident, just a day
fter the loss of a close relative
When, for example, I left for the first time my parents and I
I last really felt sad when I left home for I was leaving all my
When I see people with burns I feel sad, actually I can not even
ecently I happened to remain alone for a long time
When I heard the last regulation of the socialist govrenment
Feeling unable to preserve one's ideas and ambitions as innocent
When my mother scolded me for something, very insignificant, without
etting separated from my girlfriend
When I took the B.A exams,I was expecting a 1st class even though
hen I saw the pictures of the draught in Etiopia
hen my basket ball team lost the qualification at a final
I was driving near my girlfriend's house and I decided to keep
hen a close friend drowned in the American River
hen my dog was stolen
When a good friend with whom I had an intimate relationship made
hen I got to know that my father had passed away
hen I failed at the first entrance exam
After my little sister's Graduation from High School my
Sadness - this is an emotion which I have felt very often
We had to take our cat to the vet for mercy killing (an
eath of my father
For the girl who halped me go on living and made me happy - when
When I heard the news that my brother had passed away.  It was
 I feel sad when somebody is unjust to me.
Recently I felt very sad without any reason. It lasted for a few
t happened that I was alone - with no contacts with friends
he loss of a person I loved very much
 felt very sad when I heard that a friend had committed suicide
 remember being sad whe my aunt's child died (2 days old)
I felt sad when my first boyfriend and I left each other. It was neither
Since I moved into the dorms and I've been spending most of my
I felt very lonely, was very dissatisfied with myself when I
Years ago I fell in love for the first time. as natural for every
 felt sad when my boyfriend and I were apart for some time
When I realized that it did not make much sense to start a
My boyfriend is a soldier. He was on a leave. I felt sad when we
When my boyfriend was changing his behavior there was something
Sadness, no, I felt something much stronger when my father died.
When I came to know that my feelings for someone were not
y grandmother died
A close friend of mine was to get married in a weeks time when
Some months ago my wife gave birth to twin sisters. She had no
hen I failed the entrance exam to IMEC
I tried my level best to care for my client, I took an
 When my elders do not understand me in the right way.
rom the fact that my husband and I are not in good terms
I finished the relationship with my boyfriend, after having felt
I was very sad when I could not take the M.A (I) exams due to
t an irrevocable loss (with respect to human relations)
hen my brother's visa for the U.S.A got cancelled
After blowing up and saying all the wrong things, I realized what
I had a good relationship with two friends. Once without reason,
My dear hamster (called Hannes) died at the age of 2 and 1/2 years.
My son lives in the country. I feel sadness when I see mothers
When I received the news that my beloved grandmother had died.  I
Alone I am coming back home in the night after the serial
My mother unjustly became very angry with me and sent me to my
hen my sister left home to go and live with her husband
 lost a close friend
One night I was called and told that the father of a close friend
When a close friend of mine who was with me in first year could
hen I heard my sister got in a bad car accident
When I feel I must be with somebody, to talk with somebody - but
We are several friends but our characters are very different and
t a prolonged separation with my family
When I read the diary of the girl with whom I was living, it was
I am filled with gloom and sadness at the death of a person. 
One of the greatest sadness was when my grandfather died, because
hen I knew I had to go out with my mother on some errands
hen I heard the news of my grandfather's sudden death
For not having succeded in getting the job as a translator that I
The death of Jaya Prakash Narayan caused a great deal of sadness
After a disagreement between my parents, when I was alone with my
My mother was working with a knife and we were all laughing
When I was in Bombay one of my good friends was getting married
I was watching television. It was about midnight when a very dear
I feel sadness from the fact that I was not born with a better
When I thought for an instant that a very good relationship with
hen my grandmother died
My close friend and I applied to TISS for admission last year,
In a social situation I became interested in a woman. We talked,
hen someone in my family died
hen my beloved girlfriend got married to another person
hen I felt lack of aid from close friends
hen my grandfather died
 didn't get the job I wanted
hen India lost the Benson and Hedges cricket trophy
hen I got separated from the woman I loved
he disqualification of two of my mates in the military service
All my friends arranged to go for an afternoon snack and they did
When I received my results and found out that I could not go to a
I was having breakfast with a classmate and suddenly I began to
hen I had to come back from my village last Christmas
When my mum's brother passed away after having been involved in a
 When I feel that I have made a mistake.
hen I felt alone and without love
hen I noticed that I do many things to the pregiudice of myself
A few months a close relative of mine died.  I had never expected
[ During a summer holiday a French girl and I had becoe back
hen my dog died
I have a very close friend who lives in another city and we have
My sister lost one of her twin sons (my first nephews) and then
When I received the S.Y.J.C results, the marks I obtained were
When a friend of mine told me that he was going to commit
The day that the results of the college entrance examinations for
One day I heard from a friend that the boy I loved had gone out
The saddest moment in my life was when I lost my younger sister a
I felt sadness when I notice that I'm not important for a
My father resigned from work, and soon after this his elder brother
hen they told me that my grandfather was rather ill
I am always sad when my boyfriend goes away. He lives and studies
I was in love with a girl but had to separate from her because of
One night a very dear person said: ""I hate you"". Of course it was
When I saw the film ""Johnny got his gun"" which deals with the
 break-up with someone I really liked
The news of the natural calamity, an earthquake in which hundreds 
The day I was to receive my gold-medal for the M.A, my
My brother wanted me to buy a flute with him but I didn't accept
After having been ill, when I was coming back to the hostel, I
hen a class-mate died
A sudden doubt made me run for a long time in a rainy autumn
hen I got a message that my child was not feeling well
When my sister lost her only son, who was sixteen years old.  I
hen my dog died
hen I quarrelled with my boyfriend
When I had stayed abroad for a long time and I had remembered
hen my mother left for Kenya
The death of a relative, friend, or someone I esteem.
For the loss of a close friend or relative, but you feel grief
I phoned two friends and was not able to arrange a meeting with
I was sad at the expulsion of some of my comrades during the UNZA
hen my last relation broke up
he loss of a very good friend
hen my grandmother died
The same as for SHAME and DISGUST. I was asked to resign my
I feel sad when I see things done against men and nothing could
Three weeks ago a friend of mine bid me good-bye before going
hen my grandfather died
A class-mate died after being two months in coma, after a car
I put in two years of hard work and it was neither looked at nor
My brother is a soldier. He promised to come home in a furlough
 Depressions.
When I felt powerless to help the poor or when I don't know how
 couldn't be with a girl on whom I was very keen
On the last day of my school life I was very sad, specially on
When someone I love told me that she did not love me anymore and
he sudden death of one of my parents
Getting separated from my family for a week caused me a sense of
I have once been very sad and lonely.  This was when I was trying
I feel sadness when I only imagine that I could lose a close
A child, 9 years old, died in a stupid way.  He fell from a place
When I received the news that my in-laws had passed away.  I
When I left my boyfriend. I found another girl at his home but he
hen my mother was operated
hen my honest intentions were marred by another's jealousy
 got separated form my closest friend. He went to work abroad
hen I had to leave home to go to some other place to study
I saw a friend of mine who had suffered a very heavy contusion
My living and working conditions at home were unbearable. We used
My elder sister whom I love very much was leaving for the         
hen I couldn't find my dog which was missing
hen my parents did not let me go on a study tour
When I heard the news of the death of my father.  It was in the
A close friend decided to stop with his study and to go back
When summer is over and I have to leave the town where I spend my
A friend of mine who was driving a car ahead of me died in a
I was really hoping that I would pass the examination, but I
he death of an animal we had reared
When I learnt that my brother-in-law had been poisoned by his
When my first boyfriend left me. I tried not to let him
I had a quarrell with my boyfriend and decided to finish with him
hen I left my part-time job
When my grandfather whom I had met only once for 3 weeks, died
hen my grandmother passed away
When I learned that my former boyfriend had become engaged -
I suffer form a disease of my muscles. However, I cannot talk
hen my grandfather died
y roommate's sister committed suicide
This sounds really predictable and usual but it was absolutely
I found a baby opposum on the road and took it home and cared for
When it suddenly appeared that our dog was dangerously ill and
When I found out that my girlfriend would not be coming back to
During the funeral of my grandmother, when I saw my mother and
I was in a hopeless situation in a dirty place. No study, no
While still at school a friend died of cancer, after being ill
A) A documentary in which baby fur seals were being
My grandmother died over the summer. I knew her very well, she
When I caused much pain and sorrow to my boyfriend by finishing
My father recently having a heart attack - spending a few months
 close friend of the family died
aused a family disturbance
My father suddenly fell ill. He stayed for 3 months in the
Social situation - at the pub - a close friend of 2 years told
 like someone who does not like me and was rude to me
y friend who was in the Bago was kicked out of the sorority
When my parents separated temporarily and I was left behind with
When I got into an argument with someone and was very abusive,
hen grandfather died
My younger brother and sister were involved in an accident on
At one point in a relationship, my boyfriend was seeing an old
At the death of my husband's father's mother which occurred
he dying of a close member of the family
hen my mother was very sick and almost died
n rising. No apparent reason
A friend of mine got pregnant anf failed the first year at
y fiancT left me for my best friend
hen my uncle died of leukemia at age 35
This monday I took a Math 1BS test and flunked for the second
My mother was unwell and went for many cancer tests. She spent
hen I failed the grade seven examination
hen I first suffered from syphilis
I wanted something in particular and did not get it, also there
At the end of my senior yr. in high school I found out that a
When a close relative of mine passed away, it was the first time
Close friend leave to go overseas for an indefinite period.
My elder brother had been expelled from college and he was so
When a pet died. The pet was the closest friend I had for 15
atching suffering in Third World country
When one of my closest friends failed to make it to the third
y cat died painfully and slowly
When my father passed away in 1978.  I was left alone with my
 was told that a friend of a friend committed suicide
A person I really like left for overseas for a few months, I had
When an uncle of mine, who was close to me, passed away after
 was forced to leave an unforgettable friend
he girl I was seeing didn't want to have a serious relationship.
Losing my girlfriend who made an end to our relationship. By this
ou ignored the fact that we could not hear you at the back
Saying goodbye at the airport to my boyfriend who has to go to
hen they gave away my dog to other people without my knowledge
I felt very sad when I left home because I could not stand it any
I spent a weekend in San Diego visiting my boyfriend Rob. We were
 The same as in guilt.
he day I left my first girlfriend
My boyfriend with whom I had a longlasting relationship, fell in
earing of the death of a friend who had been skiing
Losing my job that I had for 4 summers. I took it personally and
 child beaten up by his mother
I felt very sad when my boyfriend wanted to break our
When my dog died.  I had reared it for nearly three years.  It
When my grandmother after staying with us for awhile went back
My mother was stuck by an apoplectic fit, was hemi-paralyzed and
 father of 4 children killed in an accident
I partly colored my hair black. My mother didn't like it and
My sister was in coma for 3 months (due to a train accident). Now
fter receiving the grade on the paper mentioned in FEAR
When my grandmother died, her life was heavy and her last hours
When my boyfriend almost had a relationship with a close friend
I had to leave Den Helder and all friends and acquaintences,
China can not even give you good sound systems for an open
Death of a pet rabbit. We had to give it away because my brother
When I was a Sr. in HS. one of the class counselors died of
When a very close friend of mine went into hospital for a major
ould not get into the university I wanted to get in
 younger brother of a good friend of mine died (asthma)
When I found out that I could not go to the concert (after buying
At the beginning of the year I moved to a new city - I felt sad
At my grandfather's funeral - My grandparents virtually raised me
Watching a football game. This remindes me of the time when my
y best friend could not get into university
hen I heard the news that my grandfather had died
When I was told a friend's baby had been born with only partial
The disease and subsequent death of a close acquaintance. Sadness
When my grandmother died. She stayed with us until I had the age
Tonight in bed when I realised how bad my relationship with my
I was together with my family one night, a few days after my
aying goodbye to a friend
hen the relationship with my girlfriend broke up
y grandmother died during Christmas break several years ago
It was a complex situation concerning a relationship with a
When a close friend took leave of me, because she went to Israel
y boyfriend decided to make an end to our relationship
hen a friend died
When I was trying for a girl who I really liked and cared for and
 was very sad when my first boyfriend finished our relationship
Enrolling at varsity, being told I couldn't get in to certain
When a friend, after being free of drugs for half a year, started
When I heard that my father had been involved in a car accident
hen my first girlfriend an I left each other
When my best friend got a boyfriend. Because of this a
One of my relatives became seriously ill. I felt sad because I
hen I got separated from my first love
When I realized the burden it was for my mother to look after all
The funeral of a friend who was killed in a car accident. She was
I ran a race for the CAL track team and I did terribly and then
When I saw my niece (5 yrs) crying in the hallway for her mother
I was very sad when I had to leave persons with whom I had a very
 sudden end to the relationship with my first girlfriend
My relationship with a boyfriend was finished and I didn't
Felt sad about some street kids in QUEII square, Aotea square.
A very close friend of mine died. I read it in the newspaper. I
When my father a 4th/5th generation colonial (from Eng.) attacked
I had this feeling when my parents distroyed a relationship with
I received a letter from my grandmother. She has obviusly
My dog of 16 and 1/2 years - ""Lord Grey"" died in his sleep - His
The death of my mother-in-law after a long sick-bed. at the
hen my grandmother died - having to see my mother weep
hen my grandmother died very suddenly without warning
y grandfather died thirteen years ago
I had been living in an overseas city and made the decision to
When my grandmother, who has been living with us for 14 years,
When someone I was close to became a paranoid schizophrenic and I
It made me very sad to hear that some construction company was
There is a boy who I love very much. I asked him to have dinner
hen my girlfriend decided to finish our relation
This feeling was quite deep when my friend (girl) died in a car
When my girl went away for a holiday without saying good-bye to
Recent break-up with my girlfriend. We had been together for over
he loss of a close relative who was ill with cancer
I had a quarrel with a good friend about the fact that I didn't
When you are far away from relatives and friends. I feel sad for
hen I heard my grandfather's wife had leukemia I was very sad
When I noticed that my parents were not in such a prosperity as
When I part with my friends I feel always sad for some time. I
When my girlfriend was afraid and anxious the day before taking
fter my father's death
hen I quarrelled with a very close friend of mine
Recently, my sister-in-law's horse was poisoned by a plant and
I met a girl some time ago and I cared very much about her but it
I hadn't been at my parent's place for a long time. When I went to
I was going to go on a vacation to Texas this summer but was
When my mother and father were on an excursion in Chechoslovakia
When I went to see the dead body of my uncle.  This was a very
I felt sad when a friend of mine died and I felt that something
My nephew's mother just left one day (my brother and she were
When my gradmother died.  I felt very sad then ... The feeling
Always when I get separated from my friends and relatives from my
When I realized that I was in hospital after a car accident and
So as to be closer to the university I have left home and moved
My mother kicked my surrogate father out and he in turn did not
An uncle of mine who just retired, having worked hard all his
My cat was sick and I had to take him to the vet to be put down -
 asked a girl out on a date and she said no
When a close friend of mine collapsed and passed away and the
My girlfriend let me down badly 3 times in one week. These
Losing a boyfriend for the second time to my friend. He fell in
eaving high school
Departure of a very close friend - for a long stay overseas,
Listening and watching a tape of someone with AIDS being
hen my mother was proved to suffer from a very serious disease
hen my grandfather died
Losing a pet chick. Our family had just put the chick outside a
eath of brother
Finding out that my grandfather had died. He lived in England and
My paternal grandmother had died. We weren't close but she was
4 years ago my family decided to move from New York to
I have high expectations for my future but if I pursue the
I was in a car accident on the way back from a weekend rowing
hen my brother (5th in the family) passed away
When another fellow worker decided to leave the company. We had
hen my mother died
I felt sad with the two situations I described before. The cat
Disappointed love. The girl made an end to our relationship while
When my boyfriend said he did not want to see me anymore (which
I had to terminate a training because I wasn't suited for it. I
Hearing about a friend back home that had to have his stomach
My boyfriend finished our relationship when I started studying
A good friend of mine died. During the funeral I felt an intense
hen my father passed away
My girlfriend wanted to breakup for an indefinite amt. of time.
When my sister (really my niece) died of cancer at the age of 2
hen the mother of a good friend of mine died
This occurred when my girlfriend and I have to finish our
 felt sadness when my grandfather died
hen boyfriend could not stand up to his mother or for himself
hen my grandmother passed away
The end of a relationship (after 4 years) by doing this I hurt
ay time robbery of our house
hen my father had a cerebral hemorrhage
fter my father died suddenly of a heart attack
hen my flute-teacher was replaced by a new one
hen my beloved uncle was shot dead by relatives
When I did bad on a chamistry midterm which I could have done
The saddest I've ever been was when my lover was killed,
When I finished a relation after four years, leading to much
Sitting in a bus, I heard behind, the voice of a girl I was
We got news that my (almost) 21 years old brother died while
My girlfriend left the house in which we lived together a few
When my grandmother died - I wasn't sad so much that she'd died
When the girl whom I have lusted after expressed reciprocal
When my father was imprisoned for burning the house of his
I felt sadness when I had to get separated from the woman I loved
My father died. I was away at the time and did not know until two
I was selected to do a rest for a foreign ballet but I did not
hen I got separated from the man I loved so much
s a child - having a dog - it getting a disease and dying
Watching ""11 am"". They had a programme on the starving refugees.
I felt alone among a large number of people.  I was sad to see
hen I was ditched by my girlfriend
Having to decide on a termination of a pregnancy, after
 was very sad at hearing that my grandfather had passed away
I left my home in Melbourne to come to Q'land to study and before
This condition accumulated in my mind when funeral news was
hen I heard that my nephew had passed away
I did not like it when a little girl was crying for her dead
Upon moving away from home for the first time to a different
When I missed the chance of becoming a graduate in mining
I was very sad when I did not get admission in the English
he death of my twin sister - suicide
A very close friend from Victoria visited me over the holidays.
When my nephew was taken to hospital with meningitis and we did
After studying a lot for my H.S.C exams, I could not make it to
I was alone in my parents' house, having made plans to spend the
nrealisation of the desired profession (aviator)
When I applied for the college entrance examination to FUVEST,
My mother died of cancer after a 4 year illness - I think the
The person whom I liked most left me for a friend of mine, after
[ I missed my twin when I was on the verge of being thrown, which
 was alone at home on New Year's Eve
When I left my sister's house after staying there for a few days.
The time I lost a badminton match, that I should have won at the
hen I was at school
I slept in a tent at the Barracks which caught fire at night and
Girl I was fond of did not initiate conversation as I expected in
hen my father passed away
 No response.
The day I woke up to find that a kitten I had wanted to keep had
Death of paternal grandmother to whom I was very close - died of
eath of grandfather (unexpected)
 No response.
A friend of mine was hospitalized after having been diagnosed as
When my mother and father separated (it was a brief separation
 No response.
I was very sad  when I got the XIIth standard results, when I got
hen I heard that my father had passed away
My elder sister scolded me in front of my younger sisters and
hen my grandmother died
I failed a subject despite the fact that I had studied quite a
Some colleagues decided to go out on a Saturday not inviting me
hen my dad passed away
My sister was in a hospital, later in the evening we received the
When my son was diagnosed as having CEREBRAL PALSY, at age 5. He
eath of a parent
 was told that a friend of mine was going to Mexico for good
 felt sad when I was despised by another person
he loss of my mother
ost a friend
I couldn't sleep, and began to remind of my childhood. We are many
A girlfriend ended our relationship in an abrupt and unexpected
When I found my baby whipped by my Auntie. I was really sad and
When I failed one of my courses at school - the university of
I received a letter from some friends, who do not live in Madrid,
At my grandfather's funeral.  I remembered that the thing he
A close relative was at odds with a very powerful firm.  All his
When a friend of mine died in a hiking accident.  I was not
The holidays come to an end, and the next day we had to go back
My mother left my father for his best friend, and he moved to
It was when my father was taken into detention by the CIDS for
When I failed a test at my primary school.  I was then in grade 7
I lost my grandfather whom I loved very much.  I had not known
Leaving Melbourne to move interstate - leaving relatives and
hen my first love was not successful
While walking through an old mining area, I unwittingly disturbed
A friend of mine is having psychiatric problems because of his
When I heard that my girlfriend was getting married to another
When my parents and sister went on a trip and I was separated
When my cousin passed away during the holidays at home.  He fell
When my family heard that my Mother's cousin who lives in
I was away to school (Primary). In my abscence my young brother
It was at the time of my M.Sc exam, when I was not in a position
When I found out that a person I went to school with had died in
I don't know why suddenly I thought that what I was feeling for
I dreamt of my father's death while I was at secondary school.  I
Leaving home to move closer to University. As an oldest child,
hen I was told that my uncle had passed away
hen my friend (girl) went abroad for two years
When my little brother passed away mysteriously, at least from
When the neighbour of a friend of mine was stabbed to death by
hen my mother died in August 1978
At our Senior dinner - separated from school friends, nothing
hen I received a letter telling me that my mother was very ill
The sadness came to me when I heard that my girlfriend whom I
hinking about friends overseas
After training for an Australian championship competition for a
hen I was told that my father had passed away
When my cousin passed away unexpectedly and tragically (a
When my father passed away of cancer, I was extremely saddened.
When I was about to write my Junior Certificate Exams, I received
Looking up end-of-semester results, and finding I'd failed three
I felt sad when I heard that my girlfriend was double-crossing me
he day my teacher of Latin and French died
hen I got divorced from my husband after ten years of marriage
hen my grandfather died
hen my father died
At end of school - function to ""celebrate"" ? Leaving friends who
I really became sad when mother passed away while I was very
hen I learnt of the death of a friend
y father died last year after an 8-week severe illness
1976, Soweto uprising in South Africa and the racist Gout's
hen my girlfriend's nephew passed away
I had been caught red-handed having stolen some paw-paw. I was
assing away of my father
Shifted from Melbourne to Brisbane. All my old school friends
hen I lost my father in a car accident
I experienced this emotion when my friend committed suicide after
When I left all my friends at school (break up) knowing we would
I felt sad when I was told to walk out of the classroom because I
When I was not selected to go to the University of Malawi I felt
I was terribly upset when my kitten got hit by a car. He didn't
When I received a message that my brother was seriously ill and
I broke up with my boyfriend of seven months, but it was a very
When I lost my father on the 25th of September,1970.  He died of
I remember that when my mother died the day was sad and every
A friend of mine could not make it back to Unza after having
When I went to see the result of an exam and saw that I had
At the funeral of a friend about 20 years old, who was killed in
I felt it when I was at home and saw a discussion without sense
I had a girlfriend who lived several kilometers away from my
This morning during my sleep I had a feeling that someboby was
I was very sad when I was shouted at by Uncle and was told that I
he death of my grandfather
eath of grandmother
hen one of my closest friends died unexpectantly
When one of my best friends commited siucide during these
It was last September when I felt very sad. It was when I heard
I felt sad when my dear friend was needed from training school
hen my team lost a championship
At rejection / being ignored by a loved person held in great
 got separated from the man I loved
When a person whom I loved and admired a lot died.  I felt empty,
hen my grandmother passed away
It was when I failed standard 8 exams while all my friends
This happened when one of my uncles died just whan I was
When a friend, who has been with me at school, failed to make it
lose relative is dying of cancer - found out last week
o say goodbye to dear friends after the holidays
I was so sad when I heard that my Uncle had passed away. He was
Leaving the house myself and a female friend had shared for 6-8
hen my grandfather died
hen felt lonely about writing my family
I was very sad when I heard about the death of my teacher who
eath of the family dog
he first time I left home
A friend of mine told me that my boyfriend had been with another
Moving to an unknown place, away from the familiar surroundings
o fight with a sister and to know that she doesn't care
When my sister died, she was only sixteen when she was put to
hen I came back from my holidays
fter the fact that made me ashamed I felt sadness
The loss of my father as he died of a massive and sudden heart
It was in the evening when I heard that my girl went to Zambia
When my friends died one after the other.  The first died in a
 felt very sad when my son died after a short illness
One day, I was home and there was a phone call informing me that
I was once nominated as an Officer Cadet in the Armed Forces and
When my close friend was involved in an accident and passed away
y uncle died - I felt sad at the funeral
One day I came across a certain boy who was intruding my
That afternoon I received two messages informing me, one that my
I never failed my examinations since Standard 1 but I experienced
When I deeply felt that I could lose the person I love best
When I lost my grandmother.  She had been my guardian after the
hen I heard of the death of my mother
hen I try to get closer at a person and she misinterpreted me
I remember the day my father died. I was 11 years old and my
A relative, whom I like very much, left for the United States.
I felt very sad when I was in Form three to notice that my friend
hen my uncle died
The second time I went to the entrance exam to V.S.P. and
When my best friend died, at the age of 16.
I was sad when my MCE grades were out. I had gone for a football
My dog, whom I had had for eleven years, died. I watched his
hen my father died
It was on 9th January 1983 when I received a message from home
hen I am with a friend and we have to leave each other
When my boyfriend did not turn up in time as he promised he would
A friend of mine lent me his apartment for holidays and besides
 friend died of cancer when he was 18 years old
My brother came to tell me about some problems we had in the 
My fiancT's family was adopting a 5 years old boy. I felt
When I realized that I did not have the basic things needed by a
A certain person whom I respect and esteem a lot pays me no
I was going away, leaving a dear person behind.
Death of my grnadfather after having been in hospital for so long
During my holiday I met again a friend who had tried to commit
When I was betrayed by a friend, and decided to stay apart form
Last academic year I received bad news - my grand-uncle had
I was all of the sudden sad when I heard that my cousin who
 had failed some subjects in mathematics
When I knew that a person that I liked very much didn't react the
ften a dog which is treated very badly by his owner comes to us
Last year, when I took the college entrance examinations I
When a close friend, residing in the hostel, lost his father I
 dear friend was removed from the division whre I work
When my grandmother passed away.  We had been waiting for it as
hen my father died
When I knew about my sister's in law finacial situation and what
hen my beloved grandfather died
When my wife died in hospital, she was pregnant and had undergone
When on Christmas day my grandmother died. I received the
I experienced this when my maternal grandmother passed away.  She
I felt very sad when I saw the first list from the names of the
When the train taking me to my military service left the station,
After hearing the news about the death of my sister, I felt very
he passing away of my mum
When I received my S.Y.J.C results which did not allow me to get  
When I didn't succeed to enter at the University, I felt that the
My father's death in January 1983 moved me deeply.  The gloom
My Uncle was beaten by his troublesome son. He fell unconscious
 close friend died
hen my brother died
When a girl did not answer a question, concerning my love for
When I was 10/11 years old my father travelled very much for his
It was the time I went home for my holidays only to find that my
We went to visit my mother at the residence.  She was crying and
 was watching a sad film and it affected me deeply
hen the girl I loved turned me down
hen my elder brother died
y dog died of a cerebral tumor
 No response.
I saw a dead child which was not covered, it had been knocked
A close friend travelled to another country. When I knew that he
 friend who was 22 years old died
I had received bad news informing me that grandmother and
When I realized that it was impossible for me to be as free as I
In the 12/83 my boyfriend asked me to forget him, as it would be
A friend of mine was hurt as he thought that our relationship was
Finding out that the university will give first priority to
I felt very sad when a friend of mine failed the final exam and
When my family and I heard of the death of my grandfather.  We had
hen I couldn't go for a trip with my friends in a holiday
When I became conscious that men don't wnat anything they don't
 friend breaking up with her boyfriend
When I saw in the newspapers, on the T.V, and magazines the
It was only once that I really felt sad: at my grandfather's
When my grandmother, my second mother died.
When I decided not to out any longer with a girl whom I liked
t my grandfather's death
It happened when I lost two very intimate friends in a car
The death of my guardian with whom I had stayed when I did my
hen my aunt passed away in early 1982
ailed an examn
 am sad because some relations to friends are not very good
hen I heard about the death of my aunt
y friend was badly hurt
It was mid May 1985, When we had a Test on Nursing. My classmate
hen a friend left me and went back home for good
When I knew almost the same day about two great friends of mine
I felt very sad when I lost my three Kwacha at civo Stadium when
One Saturday morning I had got ready to go out swimming with my
During an informal talk with a friend when we talk about the life
oss of close relative
o buy a car and didn't like the business and the car
 was not chosen for the All English class
 friend's mother died
 I have not felt this emotion in my life.
I insulted a couple of good friends of mine and even tried to hit
My friend was so intoxicated that the police came and took him
I forgot to zip up my trousers, this was not noticed by anyone.
hen my sister became pregnant at UNZA last year
When I could not remember what to say about a presentation task
When I was in a bus on my way to the examination centre, a man   
I was caught stealing food at my aunt's place.  I had tried to
hen coming up for trial because of shop lifting
I felt ashamed of myself the first time I drank as nobody in the
When my friend and I were discussing the good looks of a guy we
fter having failed my driving test
nsulted my girlfriend during a peptalk
My mother told my uncle who is a Roman Catholic Priest
y article not chosen by the college newspape
hen I gave my boyfriend a brush-off
Making an unexpected talk with a professor in the canteen. This
Last Summer I went camping with some C.U students.  As I was
 Do not know.
eing unable to stop urinating on the bus
ailing an examn
Getting drunk and creating a lot of trouble at a place I respect
I fell on the ground while crossing the street.  My cap covered
When I contacted a sexually transmitted disease and the
When I arrived too late at a meeting of mentor (the night before
A friend catched me while masturbating. I am not fully sure
During a party I overheard a conversation about china. When I
I had obviously done the work badly but my class-mates of the
When I was 10 years old I stained our bench with a fountain-pen,
During the lesson the teacher called me and asked me if I had
When I was found urinating, behind a toilet instead of inside it,
 No response.
ailing in the English language exam
When I did something naughty and it lead to the embarrassment of
early caught masturbating
When a soppy poem that I had written to a boy was found and every
eing sexually assulted in public
t school - being whipped by the teacher in front of the class
One morning after breakfast I was still not satisfied.  My nephew
[ I do not remember when I last felf ashamed.  I do not usually
I talk too much, cannot keep things secret. I promised a friend
When I forgot the birthday of my best friend and I innocently
At Christmas night there was a good movie on television which I
I saw a bag on the street and just then a stranger passed by.  I
When an intimate friend of mine passed B.A with first class and I
 Same as above - friends who torture animals.
I insulted the girl to whom I had proposed when she turned me
I did not do the homework that the teacher had asked us to do.  I
When I had to walk home from the bus-stop in a skirt that I had
When I bribed the person who caught me doing something I was not
I was very drunk at a certain wedding party and I got involved in
I was catched when, as a little girl, I played tricks. I was very
I wrote a letter to my father to ventilate my bottled up
My brother came to see me and found me with a boy friend.  When
Recently, I left my bag in the car of someone who picked me up
When I saw my 18 year old son grab an oxygen mask as he had
 No response.
My father was very angry with another man in the presence of my
 Can not think of anything.
 No response.
When I was leaving home I decided to leave without saying
 was very angry at someone
When I received a letter from my girlfriend telling me that she
One rainy day when the streets were wet, and as I was walking down
While dining with some accquaintances I was asked something
I am troubled by hair growing in my neck. I was troubled by this
hen I did not speak the truth
In the compartment of a public transport railway, I did not give
hen I was caught with someone's daughter
ot being able to hand in homework in time
When I was taking an exam in grade 5.  The examinator found me
My friend had many female friends and I thought that they were
hen I failed the grade seven exams
When, as an adult I have been caught lying or behaving badly.
A much older man took advantage of me during my childhood (four
titicized by teachers in public
My mother caught me stealing some food when I was a young
Quite recently I realized that I had had some erroneous views
eeting other friends who got in the good universities
When I was in the canteen of the United college I mistook a
On New Years eve I drank too much alcohol, so much that I had to
When I was hungry, I tried to take the money that my mother
 Do not remember any situation of that kind.
When someone I know was caught in an ""adultery"" situation.
I stayed at home for a period because I felt depressive and I
irst time going out with a boy and other people laughed at us
ot doing well in the examn
hen I failed the grade seven exams
I tried to swindle a jeweller because my watch was broken and I
My elder brother and I have not always had a good relationship
I had lied to a person because I had thought that I could not
hen I got a bad result for one of my assignments
uring my childhood I once lied and my sister found out
Asking someone to give me back the money I once lend him because
Once a female classmate told me that the clothes I wore seemed to
I was working in a job in which I could not work quickly enough,
While watching a religious film, I got very excited and made a
When a lady I was flirting with told all my class-mates that she
In an examination ,which other students found easy I could hardly
I had gone to aa bookshop to buy some books.  Somehow, I got very
After a jogging session I had severe abdominal cramps and this
I was running in front of a crowd when I slipped and fell on a
I forgot that the course instructor had directed us to go for
As a young girl in form I, I wet my bed one day at the boarding
ying to my cousin about the form five examination fees
When I could not hold my bladder while making a telephone call
When I stole a book in class and the teacher caught me, the rest
I lied, to be precise I cancelled a meeting with a good friend.
ot chosen for all English classes
It was during a school holiday - I was found necking a girl in my
I was jerking me off in my bedroom, when suddenly, my mother came
I was ashamed at being the only one to have got a C+ in ED120
When I was tired and unmotivated, I shouted at my girlfriend and
 No response.
 did badly in the mid term examination
 No response.
At using other people, because of sexual experience that was
I omitted to do a favor to a friend, while he was very much in
My girlfriend had started going around with another boy.  Her
I was wearing slippery shoes and I tumbled down in a place where
hen I wet my bed at boarding school
When the teacher asked me a question, I did not know the answer
hen I tried to steal a book from the bookshop and was caught
When my mother found a leaf of my diary where I had written about
Making bloopers: e.g. telling something negative about a certain
[ I feel shame when I do not arrive on time and others have to
he day after the night I drank too much at a party
I was double crossing my fiancee and one day she caught me red
 scolded my sister without waiting for her explanation
Going out for dinner, or during one ice-cream and four spoons.
riticized by a teacher in public
When I am angry at someone without a good reason. Later on it
When I got drunk at a party and made a fool of myself by
hen I failed to answer a simple question
A girl asked me why I didn't dance. I told her I was ashamed to
When I failed my grade 7 exam at the first attempt in 1975.  My
I thought of myself as being clumsy when I made love for the
When five of my friends at the secondary school found out the bad
hen I imitated a teacher behind his back - walking very silly
This was when I was discovered stealing a piece of bread at home,
When I asked my classmate to teach me to do my homework, he asked
y companion admired me when I did some work voluntarily
A patient, to whom I had given a powerful medicine, shouted at me
hen I got very low marks in one of the assignments
 choked on a cold drink in front of girls who were strangers
I told a friend that I was going to a party and he would not
I lied to someone and some time later this person found out that
When I realized that I was directing the feelings of discontent
When I walked out of my room with only my pants on and found my
When one has been unjust, stupid towards someone else.
 No response.
ailing an examn
When my cousin's wife refused him sex and claimed that she was my
When I went to a disco with a friend I started behaving badly
I made a joke about the rat of a boy. I compared his rat with a
When I embarrassed a friend by asking him aloud if a certain
After having quarelled unnecessarily and without any reason, and
At a concert an old man arrived and began to danse, sing and do
hen I was caught stealing money from my father
The parents of a friend of mine surprised us and another couple
When I was in grade one, one day I felt like going to the toilet
uring a meeting
hen I tripped while getting on a bus
 Do not know.
hen inadvertantly I found myself in the ladies room
hen my mother caught me masturbating
When a woman who I respected very much was made pregnant,
I was watching T.V with my parents and some pornographic scenes
When I went to see the doctor and had to take my clothes off so
I had a feeling of shame when I found myself unable to answer
I had a misunderstanding with my father and after some time I
hen I had to represent my boss at a meeting
hen I was in the toilet and someone came in
I had something wrong, saying wrong things and being impolite to
hen I failed one of the first year's courses
ach time the professor asks me a question in class
 took an exam which I failed terribly as I had not studied
At primary school, when I vomited in front of others in the middle 
On Christmas eve I went to a classmate's home with other
The day I learnt that my girlfriend had been going around with  a
When I complained to my mother about how untidy the kitchen
When I was a child I had to recite a poem in a show at the end of
 could not finish my homework on time
When I made the same mistake that I had accused someone else of, and
 No response.
I was with a group of people and everybody told me to do or say
I was ashamed when my friend and I were cross with each other
When I inadvertantly entered the ladies room and met some girls
My teacher said that being university studets we did not have
Equivocal situation when filling a security questionnaire on
My third grade teacher caught me cheating on a spelling test. I
hen I was dismissed from a job after having been accused of theft
I liked a boy and I would feel shy and then blush.  The more I
When I as a child of 9 or 10 I was playing doctor with the
etting very low marks in mathematics
The last time I had to phone the Registry, after having called
In a very crowded shop I was distracted and missed my turn in the
I do not have accomodation on the campus so I stay with my
When I just took a shower with a girl down the hall. I felt that
I misunderstood a girl and thought that she loved me.  One day
pots on the seat covers of my husband's car
I was at the University dining room, alone, and at a table next
On New Year's Eve, when I went to the house of my girlfriend's
Once I arrived two hours late to my work place (a bank) and I was
I was swimming in the sea and a wave took the top part of my
On a road trip with a group of sorority and fraternity people, I
My little brother was arrested by the police at the railway station after
When I was doing my homework at home, some relatives came and
hen I swindled money out of someone
For example, to feel bad because of one's attire, to be among
I think that I am rather shy and do not mix with people as I
When I asked a friend to return the money that I had loaned her
 Cannot recall any incident when I felt shame.
I was in a very small class and the professor said something
I was worried by a task related to my studies which had to be
Every time I was around this one person I would stick my foot in
My aunt phoned me to ask me why I had refused the her invitation
I promised a friend that I would return a book to it's owner for
hen I forgot about a meeting at work
 felt shame when I found that I was almost last in the exam
When I stated sharply something I was not very sure of and a few
During an informal discussion I contributed a lot even though I
In class I had to say something aloud and people reacted  by
 No response.
hen I boxed my child's ears
hen I failed grade 7
hen I fell head on in a fountain
I was alone in the bus when I tripped and fell, and dropped all
When a professor caught me absent-minded and not paying attention
One day I felt dizzy during a lecture.  When the lecturer asked
nce when I said bad things concerning a friend
 was wearing a slit tight dress at a disco and it burst open
mptied a bucket of water in a hospital
 No response.
One day in class, the professor asked me a question concerning something
When I went to the library three weeks after it had opened and
 No response.
About a dozen girls laughed at me and I was sure that there was
nce I had to visit a rather special person
While shopping, a person close to us created an uncomfortable
In a Mathematics class, the professor asked me a question and I
When I was emotionally unstable I said things which may have hurt
One day, when I was sitting on the bus, there was an old woman
hen my mum learnt that I had beaten up someone in a fight
When I was taken to the place where my uncle had defecated in his
When I was young I felt ashamed when our relatives visited us and
The girl with whom I was going around had been forbidden to be
A children's film in which I played a clown, with spotlights,
When I realized that I was pregnant.  I thought about what my
I insulted two of my friends because I thought that had been
I can not think of any incident when I have felt very ashamed. 
 drink wine too often
When I dated a close girlfriend's boyfriend a few times. He told
I slipped and fell in to a puddle and people started looking at
I had to meet a girlfriend to go out for a drink and she arrived
hen I forgot my mother's birthday
Once my presentation was the worst among my classmates as I had
When I told a lie to a friend of my sister on April fool's day. 
In a Christian gathering's lucky draw I mistook a girl's name for
A person (a male) told me that he liked me.  He has a problem, he
When criticizing something about a person and then realizing that
We were discussing a subject ( I knew very little about it) and I
One day I got on the bus without any money or season ticket and
t a friend's party there were several allusions to my sexual adventures
When I lied to my wife and told her that I was going to the
When I overtook a car on the mainroad, misjudging the distance of
When we were at home, my husband and I, he made a remark about
A few years back I had proposed love to a girl who later turned out
I complained about a colleague's behaviour as she goes back on
When a friend from whom I preferred to hide my private life
When my younger sister, who was then 16 years old, was pregnant.
hen I did not buy what I had promised to
My mother had just been teaching me how to crochet, which is
The first time that I caressed a girl, I was about thirteen and
This morning I spent a lot of time on my toilet and missed the
My mother revealed personal details about me and the
Once in primary five, I had forgotten to take a book to class and
hen I failed the grade 7
When I was in a religious school my teacher showed me up in front
I took a girl out once and discovered that she was going around
hen people next to me play the fool
When I told a girl that I could not take her out that night as I
It was discovered that I had received a warning letter as my
A professor was going to read aloud in class a composition of
 No response.
hen I went for the first time in my life to a nudist-beach
When I was 13 years old I wrote passionate love letters to my
 forgot something I agreed upon with a good friend
As a kid my mother caught me stealing sugar and giving it to a
cting in a play at the orientation camp made me feel timid
When I was young, about 6 or 7, I did not make it to the toilet
When the literature teacher made me recite a poem in the middle
hen I bought new clothes and put them on
When I overslept for the second time on the day I had an
I was walking to school and I passed by a red cross post where
During my Highschool time I was chairman of the student's
On the train a drunk person touched my baby and I reacted very
When my boyfriend revealed that he knew that I had discovered
hen my friend had a child out of wedlock
hen I did not inform my friends of my forthcoming birthday
When I was in lower six I joined an interview group to
bout Sweden's arms exports
A friend of mine had said something about not liking to come to
When my first sexual intercourse turned out to be a flop.  I was
I was dancing in a theatre.  I was not sure whether some frieends
When I made acquaintance with the parents of my boyfriend for the
When I do not succeed in making myself clear to other people.
When I had not prepared my contribution to the group as
When my father found me in bed with a girl, we were deep in actioon
Our teacher had invited us to lunch and once at the canteen we
I was about to share lunch with my aunt's husband when she told
When we received  our academic result I learnt that my  results
When I gave water to the plants of a friend. Then one plant fell
hen I entered a bar looking for a friend
When friends found out that I had been lying about where I had
hen money was stolen from my pocket
When I met a friend whom I had not seen for a long time and
When my darling found me walking hand in hand with another girl
he discovery that one has only thought of oneself
When I blamed my failure to the bias and favouritism in the       
In an important situation for me, my father behaved inadequately.
 No response.
I felt ashamed when a friend, I had always respected, insulted me
When I was young I was told to to the shop to buy a dozen eggs. 
 No response.
I made a very insulting remark against a person whom I care for
I got pass marks in the H.S.S compulsory courses while most
I was drinking a glass of wine and eating something when there
When I dropped a bottle in the state liquor store and everyboby
y love proposal was turned down by a lady I really loved
After a party in which I made love with a boy in public. Later on
I was with my colleagues and we met an elderly man who was very
My teacher reminded us not to do a Summer job, however I did it
A few days back I had a tutorial class and the teacher randomly
The mother of a friend of mine passed by me and saw me sitting
One day when I came back home, I found my favourite dish broken. 
hen I was given detention at secondary school
When the brother-in-law of a girlfriend of mine found us in a
When I didn't meet an appointment I had made. The person phoned
When I almost did something awful with a friend of mine and
hen I excreted on the mat instead of the potty
A teacher spent a lot of time helping me without wanting to be
I was going around with a foreigner's wife and my entire family
My behaviour at a recent party.  I passed out early, luckily.
When I did not do well in the PG310 test I, I got only 4 marks
In my opinion guilt is a feeling which goes together with shame.
During a lecture six students (including me) were asked to leave
The time I shouted at most of my friends at a party.  It was as if
I was eating in a very nice restaurant, when the servant asked
When I promised to help a friend over a weekend and did not keep
hen I proposed love to a girl and she turned me down
During the English lesson we were required to do a play.  A few
nce I did not have enough money to pay for a coffee
one
 When I acted against my mind or conscious.
I met a friend in a discotheque. he was with a girl and he told
 felt very ashamed at having got a book by force from a girl
When I was a child it was found out that I had taken off my
I lost my temper at my mother while she was teaching me.  I felt
hen a person whom I do not want to see is continously present
 Never felt the emotion.
y guilty behaviour was found out by others
I received the results of the test paper of my major subject and
hen I wore a grotesque figure hanging down my back
hen I met a friend of mine after several months
I was swimming in the river and I lost the top of my bikini.  I
nce I answered my father rudely
 No response.
onfession to my parents about my involvement in a moped theft
At the seaside, when a wave suddenly came and took off my bikini.
We were at a party, this guy I liked and me.  I really loved him
When I realized that I had a hole in my trousers after having gone
I made a comment and it was interpreted completely differently
hen I got 1 mark in an Abnormal Psychology exam
an't think of any
At a meeting with over one hundred people, they decided who had to speak
When I talked maliciously about a colleague at work to someone
When I was in F4 I led my class to a riot.  However the form
During a class I was asked a question which I did not hear very
 fell outside the door of my house
When I went to my boyfriend's house for lunch and saw his
During a meeting I said something wrong and the others laughed at
When I stole a packet of cigarettes from a neighbour  and the
One day I was the leader of the weekly meeting of the Church
When I ate my sister's food and then she found out that it was
When as an 8 year old, I wet myself in school.
We had made an appointment to complete together a piece of work.
When I failed one of the tests because I had not worked hard
When relatives have acted strangely, and unfriendly towards me.
I think that the only time I really felt shame was when I was
Once by coincidence I clutched a stranger (in a rather intimate
One night I had a sexual intercourse with another man.  My sexual
I was saying bad things about a man I had never seen.  I was
My cousin and I were at the farm and at night we drunk like fools
A girl in our class was nicknamed ""fatsy"". Later, I heard that
After I had given the wrong answer to my students they pointed
I cried for 3 hours because I felt very miserable. Then I called
I had a short lasting sexual relationship with someone I didn't
I greeted and embraced the wrong person thinking that it was my
A few days back I had to ask a professor a ridiculous question
 was misbehaving in the agency
I ride my motorbike in my village and everyone stares at me as if
I was taking a shower in a cubicle in France. Then I discovered
A customer at the shop where I worked came in and asked if the
hen my dad caught me with a honey (girlfriend) in my bedroom
When I was young my mother told the neighbour that I had wet the
I had lunch in a restaurant with a friend and I paid the bill. 
y inability to assert myself positively in a group
A friend came for dinner with me at home. His parents are
I guess I have often been ashamed after having talked badly of
When I was an evening school teacher it was my job to make the
I feel this emotion very often when I try to express my feelings
When I blurted out an answer in class without having been asked
When I was a child my parents caught me with a pornographic
When I state things with great positiveness and try to convince
It was my birthday and all the members of the group made me a
When a friend told me a story and I stayed dumb because I had no
A day I was with my boyfriend and a couple of friends in a bar,
When I was young I was playing football near my parent's house
Some times I was ashamed of presenting seminaries or even to
I flet shameful when I learnt that I cooked Nsima which was full
When my father came into the bathroom and saw me standing there
I once felt shame when I failed to fulfil the promise to marry a
After lot of explanation, to fail in my work.
hen I had to act alone a character for a public (40 people)
When I was a child, I thought that I had to be ashamed when
 fell off a bike in the presence of a lot of people
Sometime back I was coming from the wards and lice were all over
eacher suspected me stealing money
When I went to a sauna with my father for the first time (I was
When my mother looked in my drawer (where I keep my personal
ot collecting homeworks in time to give the teacher
hen I had my first sexual relation and it didn't work
When I talked to a psychotherapist for the first time, I started
I felt shame when I had to talk with a person that I hadn't seen for
When I had not done well in Geography at my MCE I was expected to
There was a time when my room looked terribly untidy; just at
I was very ashamed when I failed a test in Standard 7. The
When I went to a halloween party and had to walk through a shopping
When I was in the 12th standard, I could not speak English.  One
id not finish homework
When I began to date, the first gestures of affection made me
I put an end to a friendship with a girl - I had only pretended
Once I had torn a few pages off a library book and I felt ashamed
We where in a bar and my friend had a fight with some guys who
I think I felt ashamed for the first time when I entered a night
The day my fiancee told me that it was bad that I could not write
In the last day of carnaval I met a boy and began to flirt with
I just opened the bathroom without knocking not knowing that
I had never made a malicious joke in front of my boyfriend. Last
[ I was not, I am not, I will never ever feel ashamed of
Somebody who knows me very well discovered that I had told him a
I was working in I. when a friend of mine borrowed his car so I
When somebody I knew greeted me and started to talk with me and I
In our flat the bath-tub is in the kitchen. At the beginning I
Truely, I got very ashamed when my brother was sent out of
In a play (secret friend) during the time of the high school I
hen I had been angry at my friend without any reason
It was in a group situation: suddenly it was my turn to say something,
When I had insulted my father two years back, at that time I was
In a school parting we agreed to go to a restaurant.
I went to visit Montrose home for crippled children to interview
I wore a dirty dress a certain day I was going to town I met an
I tried to pass an examination particularly well, but I did it
When I was not in a position to control myself.  I had said too
I slept with a man purely because I found him physically
 was the last among the list of failures in my class of Biology
I recently became sexually involved with my sister's lover. I
There is one thing which makes me feel shameful,  when I see
When I wet my head (or bed ?) one day my sister discovered it and reported
 can't remember ever feeling shame
For a medical check-up, we - boys and girls - had to take off our
[ Sorry, I was never ashamed about anything in my life.]
First weekend back home after one week at Uni I scolded one of my
Because I was lazy and unthoughtful I did not get into contact
I took the tram without paying. There were many people around me
I bought a possible answer to a homework problem which was
My P.T. instructor also works as a masseur. He wanted to massage
I was very fat, and was ashamed of my body.
When I was 12 years old I was caught by the Ticket Collector when
When I had to go to the gynecologist and to sit on that special
When I went to meet the family of my boyfriend in a party in his
hina cannot give your lectures bigger place and sound system
When a certain drunk man slapped my buttocks when I was quietly
A friend started to insult another person without reason and I
hame of being reprehended
ailed to recagnize a friend on the street
When the teacher asked me to read my composition that was the
In a restaurant, I made the acquaintance of a boy who always told
I was really shameful when my mother beat me in the presence of
 was ashamed to tell my mother that I fell down with a bicycle
Talking to friends about how old you are and we cannot be as
 made a comment that at the moment didn't fit
A friend of mine has not very much money. Therefore, once I
hame of not doing something well
aw something stupid and ignorant happening in the countryside
I played in a stage play. Suddenly, in front of 200 people, I
ne day in the intimity with my girlfriend I had an ejaculation
wearing in public
hen my mother found out that I smoke maryhuana
ailing an examn
I was very fat and felt absolutely unwell. I was afraid of
hame I feel when I am not properly dressed
hu Jianhau did not break the world record for China
I was learning judo and my instructor wanted me to assist him in
When I don't say the truth, when I don't do a certain thing
[ Sometimes I have by accident said to another person something
When I saw my father coming out of the bathroom. He thought that
 No response.
I felt a sense of shame when I compromised a colleague of mine. I
While working as a domestic helper, one day I had not cleaned up
This is an event I will never forget.  I am considered a good
I feel ashamed at the fact that even after 35 years of independence  
In the traffic I insulted a man who crossed my way. Afterwards I
When I tried to hide a fact from a person for irrelevant reasons
I had this feeling before my graduation and never dared to speak
I had been away all night without having told my parents about
I was talking with an aunt of mine that I adore and I found
Not quick enough to help the lectors to catty things for the
Some time back I had signed a letter which I had not read.  What
Walking on the street passing by an air duct, my skirt went up.
ot brave enough to take up a challenge in a group discussion
[ I have felt shame but am unable to remember any particular
During a family reunion, they started talking about me wearing an
ot being able to have a party at home with friends
My boyfriend's mother, whom I had not met earlier, made an
I had called a boy who had dated me, and told him that I was ill,
I was taking place in an anti nuclear protest and was shouting
One day I addressed my husband in an abusive manner in front of
I put on a lot of weight in a few months and every time I met
I told my friend about how I had calculated my salary by cheating a
I told some acquaintances of mine something that I regretted
When I went out with a friend of mine to meet her ex-boyfriend
I remember that once, a friend did not co-operate with me due to
 had borrowed some money and I exceeded the time-limit
When I realized that I had been wrong about a person close to me,
When I had to prepare and read a paper to my fellow students but
 ....has not really happened.
Some days ago I fell down at a public place, I came into notice
ot being able to be selected for the dancing team
fter an event in which I felt that I had acted unfairly
 was made a very sharp remark at a rehearsal
When I was going downhill on skis, and fell down twice the first
When I was detained one day in school, by the vice-principal, for
In primary school I once faltered while answering a question and
I felt ashamed of feeling sorry about myself when I passed
ot having good marks like other people for homeworks
I felt ashamed to be Brazilian and to live under a military
I had misbehaved at a party and did not wish to meet the person
A few months back I had gone to my friend's place and they offered
hen I fell down
I feel guilty as I am not working, and even my studies are not
aw the film about Eight Nations Army conquering Beijing
I tried to date a girl, but she refused.
 Never experienced.
When I accused unjustly a person of robbery, who proved me the
My teacher asked me a question which I failed to answer and I was
As a small boy, I took a coin from an empty taxi cab.  My mother
I feel ashamed every time that someone makes me a positive or
hen a group of friends began to make critics about me
id not finish homework
I had an intimate relation with my boyfriend, but unfortunately
When I realized that my bathing suit was spotted, I had became
 gave a wrong answer at school
Saying something quite rude, but in jest, about a photograph of
My friend told me in a fairly loud voice the blunders she
When I realized that I belonged to a country which is amongst the
Sincerely I'm a very timid guy and so even in very simple
Sitting on the bus seats supposed for disabled people, children
In the classroom we discussed with the teacher. He told me things
When I was seven years old, I stole a chewing-gum from a big
I always feel ashamed when I do not succeed in accomplishing
I was in a bus with my school material when I fell and sat on the
y sister was afraid of her husband
Yesterday while playing volley ball, there was one person extra   
 No response.
When I was still a child I was told off in face of other persons
I felt ashamed of my body in spite of knowing that it is more or
While attending some affairs, which were taking some time, with
I had reacted angrily at a friend for no fault of his.  I had
hen I arrived late at the job and met the most troublesome boss
ound out that I am not good at football
The day my boyfriend saw and touched my breasts when I was
 feel ashamed when I am praised
hen a friend of mine visited me and my house was in a mess
I am ashamed of the horrible way I used to treat my little
hen I had a Latin examination in school
This was when one of the Clinical officers scolded us in the
Upon returning from a journey of about two weeks duration, I
Some time ago we had a tournament in our tennis-club. For
I had been rude to my mother at a time when she needed
I was very ashamed when I was neglected by a certain friend whom
I felt ashamed when my lecturer said in class that I
I asked my friend to come with me to a disco because I wanted to
At a cross-country race I wanted to take a short-cut (which is
It was when my father caught me with a girl in dark corners and
When I failed Psychology examination when most of the students
It was the time when everybody spoke about and discussed
When I realised that I had become too emotionally involved with
I was ashamed with my biology lecturer when he asked me a
I was in my room, I just heard that my Uncle had been caught in
I had promised to contact a friend about a particular matter by a
At a carneval-party I smooched with a man - some days later I was
The mother of a small child found me shaking the child in
When a certain girl I believed to be my life partner refused an
I do not seem to feel emotion such as shame, guilt or fear - far
Following heavy stirring / ridiculing a close friend who was
I was ashamed at myself when I saw that the other boys and girls  
I was ashamed when a certain friend of mine I used to move with
Having had a very heated argument with my sister - I began
In school I was very bad in running long distances and my
heating in a minor geography exam at school
We were writing Primary school leaving Examinations when I had
One day mother slaughtered a chicken for a brother who had come
After a party I spent the night with a friend. We both were
During an argument an acquaintance accused me of having insulted
I was ashamed one day when we were found stealing and roasting
When I failed my Primary school leaving Examinations. I never
I put my head into the pullover of a girl to see her breasts. The
I was walking outside the union refec after rain when I tripped
I had been telling lies and people discovered instantly that I
One day I was with my girlfriend and other friends were behind
When I woke up after a night of drinking I couldn't remember and
I had to go to the doctor's because of a veneral disease. I told
When parents of a certain girl refused to let me marry their
I feel shame every time I think of very dear friends of mine
aught cheating on a diet
 had to pay a fine because of speeding
At one occasion I was ashamed of being refused after a proposal
I met a woman who was looking for our house. She stopped me but I
Some persons, who are important for me, came to see me and I had
When I was 6 or 7 years old, I pulled down the trousers of a
News was spread that I had been found doing sexual intercourse
When I was a child: I had told my mother a lie and she found it
When I was a child, I had a medical check-up. I had to undress
I felt shame when I was asked by my cousin that I promised to buy
On one occasion whilst engaging in horseplay with my girlfriend,
I answered a certain question from Dr. Maqgda wrongly. She asked
After an oral examination I shook the professor's hand, but he
My boyfriend had drunk too much and beaten me. When I had to show
hen I made a fool at an examination
I had high-heeled shoes one time, but a certain girl who saw the
When someone pointed out that I was proud, yet I didn't dress up
I look up to my Karate-teacher. When I came to a training lesson
I am left-handed. When I attended the first form, we learned to
I was very much ashamed after a friend beat me at school and I
When I was 12 years old, some friends of our family had come to
I went to see a friend. There were other people, too, and
In our class we had a test on Nursing, so a friend from the Army
 friend of mine was shouting at me in a group of juniors
One day I went for a bath. I took off my clothes and as soon as I
aused fault in V.C.R. by not following instructions carefully
When I had slept with a boy for the first time I felt ashamed for
arents finding out I smoked
It was when we were beaten or lost the football match by 5-1 and
hen my boy-friend left me and I wanted to persuade him to stay
When I decided not to out any longer with a girl whom I liked
When I stayed on a nudism beach, a man was watching me in a
Once I went home totally drunk and roused all our neighbours from
I was sitting in a restaurant with friends. They asked me
When I broke the piggy bank of my brother and my mother
I spent an evening with my girl-friend. When we wanted to go to
In 1972 I failed my Examination because of my own crooky
During a discussion I said something rather stupid and
One day I was supposed to go to a movie with my boyfriend. In the
My girl-friend and I live in one flat with another couple. We get
When I bought new skis; I was ashamed to tell the assistant that
oiled my short trousers with faeces
My mother and my grandmother were talking about one of my
When I was a child, my uncle came to see us. I spit at him and
An out-patient asked me to read for him a certain prescription
After making a joke about a friend's marriage that was too
I felt the above condition when I was found in a house playing
At a weekend's seminar my trousers suddenly burst, therefore I was
In a fight with my girlfriend in a luncheonette where everybody
I felt it when I felt that I was being observed as an object of
I was walking one day and I met a man who wanted to ask me about
When I went to the sauna for the first time and there were men
It was my father's birthday party when I was asked to bring a
Once as a school girl I was copying at a class work and my
A situation where we were the center of attention, and things
I went for a walk with a very close friend; we were talking about
One of my best friends'fiancT broke off the relationship because
I failed my Nutrition paper which was the paper ending the
hen my new jeans split while I was with the youth group
When I was about seven or eight I was caught having stolen a
It was last week on Sunday that I was walking with my girlfriend
I was ashamed when I got the lowest result (mark) in class. All
Felt it after I spoke terribly (got mad at) the person who is the
After failing a second attempt at Med 4, following a number of
A day when I was getting out of the shower I covered only the
[ I am quite shameless, not applicable.]
ome men were talking about me and my sister
As a child - being sent to the shop by mother - buying some
When I was teasing a girl, who turned out to be my brother's
I felt something akin to shame after a heavy night of drinking,
hen I refused to fetch water for my aunty while she was busy
When I was a child I played my mother a nasty trick to make her
I had written a ""love-letter"" to a class-mate of mine, this was
hen bathing at surf beach & lost togs
 confused a girl with another
At school I was bad in mathematics. Although my teacher had
It was a shameful moment when I heard that I had failed my
 was unaware that I had walked the streets in torn trousers
I insulted my friend for a small reason and after time I realised
When I was ten years old a classmate laughed at me because I had
hen I have a plain appearance
 No response.
hen I was a school girl and I copied at a class work
 Do not remember any incident.
I was once chatting with friends. Then some boys came and joined
 lied to a friend
Had a very good friend. We grew apart I found myself running her
I had a girlfriend in the same class I was. I did not do well in
When somebody suddenly said something (about me) at a wrong
hen my mother surprised me while masturbating
A girl I was with yelled something out to this group of guys I
I was ashamed of being laughed at by my colleagues when I failed
I was ashamed when my classmates discovered that I fell in love
When my mother asked me to do a job for her which does not
Once I spoke without thinking very much - it was quite a
ying to a friend about something that was trivial
I once proposed my own niece whom I did not know but I discovered
When I wanted to kiss a friend and didn't succeed, I felt shame.
I came home from a party rather drunk. I said things I would
I felt ashamed one day when my teacher shouted at me in the
A friend giving me an expensive Christmas gift while I gave her a
When I first failed my standard 8 exams for the first attempt for
During the oral part of my final examination I made a mistake in
When my best friend foud out I'd been lying about something I'd
I experienced shame when I failed to keep a promise to meet my
No specific instances - perhaps having lied as a child resulting
When I hadn't studied for an exam, so I pretended to be sick so I
ending pictures home when I'd put on so much weight
I felt shame and I couldn't look into my teacher's eyes, after
I allowed my then boyfriend to touch me, if only briefly.
hen harassed by this boy - it was sexual (refer to GUILT)
When I told my sister I had slept with my boyfriend, and she at
My father who is very quiet discovered I was going out with a
I remember when I was in Standard 6, I failed one of the terminal
hen my friends were rude to a girl
alling over
Several years ago I was caught riding the train without a ticket.
The shame came when I was beaten by my teacher at school in front
etting slightly intoxicated at the 1984 I.C.C. Ball
I was ashamed when I was being introduced to the church
n a party of friends I got completely drunk
This situation happened when I was found kissing a girl who was
I bacame involved with a boy for a very brief moment not because
When I was little and didn't own up to placing a lolly on the
I felt ashamed when in a certain occasion I had to read a text
When I broke a tea saucer. I felt ashamed. This was during the
I was ashamed when my boyfriend went to sit with another girl
When Dad went to a Sports Day and was the only parent there, and
When I was little - Mum caught me telling a lie about who broke
I am ashamed at myself sometimes when I am working with
ot being able to answer question in a seminar
When I did poorly on a test and I knew that there wasn't an
When I was twelve I was babysitting some children but I did not
When I got really drunk on Norvegian Indipendence Day, and was
When I had not been accepted to a college which I dreamed of
Felt ashamed when in a group conversation and could not
nsulted by a woman in public
My father was a member of the public Alcohol and Drugs Board,
aven't felt shame for ages
The first time I slept at my boyfriends house and had to walk
Telling friends about how my parents had been treating my
At a private party I literally fell into the food. The party was
atching Muldoon act as my P.M
 had just masterbated with another boy
ot doing well in the examn
My failure to provide the appropriate emotional/spiritual level
orgetting an important appointment
ooling around with this guy I did not know
annot recall the emotion with any force
My first real experience with a boy. We were alone. I was quite
Felt I had not appreciated my parents enough. Regretted the
I didn't do an important job and it had an adverse effect on
When caught shoplifting and the police were called in parents
an't remember that feeling
Being with a close friend, in the city, who was involved at the
I slipped on butter one evening in the Dining Commons landed on
I kicked the dog outside on a cold night because he was annoying
inding out that China is backward in science
eing caught in changing the truth (lying)
nsulted by classmate in public
A month ago I turned in an English paper in late after I had
eople impolite with me because I did not get a good report
I woke up at the house of someone I knew, not remembering very
hen I failed some tests my first year at CAL
ailed in a piblic argument
annot remember such a situation
articipating in a theft several years ago
When some unforgiving acquaintance dragged up an old and rather
I made an unkind remark about the ethnicity of some friends
A serious drug error while nursing that I knew I was responsible
tealing money from my parents when I was young
A conflict with a pupil and there were probatory teachers
fter a big fight with my parents
 found I was pregnant and unmarried
ighting with my father while drunk
O RESPONSE
I went to bed with a girl and the next day she thought it was the
Like guilt - the most ashamed I have ever felt was when I began
y father insulted by other people
When I confessed to my girl-friend (now my wife) that I had
When a close friend entrusted me with a secret and I let the cat
When I was unable to respond to a welcome in my indigenous
O RESPONSE
I borrowed $ 20.00 from a friend and paid him back much later
I told Mr Winter of Downtown Fashion to go to - when he did not
ot finishing homework
On a social occasion, I noticed that I reacted on the basis of my
Put down by my father - at a family outing at mutual family
I wanted my boyfriend to stay when he didn't. He stayed but when
I felt shame at the hurt I caused to my family especially my
We got into a fight with some chaps in front of our family house.
O RESPONS
That my brother and father are into alcohol, two men with
oesn't apply
I went to study in a public library but I didn't know it well. I
Not having owned up to the responsibility an incident where
 lost my driver's licence because of speeding
While intoxicated I invaded someone's (a girl's) personal space
oing poorly on an exam that I thought I should do well
When the class leader read out the names of those chosen for the
Talking about a person's unattractiveness, not realizing that the
ot doing well in the examn
The people on my floor last year were very close. This year 4 of
as caught stealing apples in a neighbor's garden
orgot to do some shopping that I had promised to do
When I went to explain to a lecturer whom I liked that the work
Defying my parents and staying out all night when I wasn't
My sister said I am not a stable person, and I think she is
When my natural parents name would show up on papers and not my,
Having finally to admit I was wrong, after having denied it for a
aught lying to my father about a speeding ticket I had received
hen ditched - divorced by husband
hen unjustified hurting other people
I criticised an action of my mother and for the first time she
I saw a terrible accident happen and I laughed a lot of the
Recently, some friends and I had too much to drink while on a
During carnaval I danced for a few minutes normally I don't dance
n exam where questions about very specific knowledge were asked
hen I made an end on a relationship after three years
One night a friend found out that I dumped one girl for another
hina not doing well in the Asian Olympic games
I felt shame when I didn't study enough for my exams and as a
tealing from my mother's purse when I was a little boy
At the airport, eighty beer cans that I was carrying in a
When I am in an auditorium with people and I ask a silly question
Hit a dog with my car, and didn't stop.
I entered the wrong room, and got into a bed where someone
ot doing well in examns which I should do well (English examns)
When given responsibility to grade papers in elementary school, I
Some weeks ago I experienced a day that everything went wrong I
When the cast general election resulted in Norway getting a
Once in a public ladies room, I opened the door of a cubicle that
When I sat in the wrong discussion section in the beginning of
When I as a Pakeha (white) new Zealander, was just as racially
I took my math midterm and got it back the following Wednesday in
 No response.
When I have suffered a terrible fit of eating, that frequently
 No response.
I was complaining about calling people whom I didn't know. I
We had arranged a beach party with 20 people. There my father got
inding out China is backward in science
I had subscribed for this test. We were informed by our
 No response.
fter the car accident in GUILT
I was wearing a short skirt one day and someone told me my
I fell down in the bus when it braked suddenly and everybody
I ate very fattening food in front of my boyfriend who would like
I felt shame when I saw someone I knew and pretended not to see
 mishap suffered on misinterpreting a girl's proposition
inding out that I was deceived by my friend
When I got my fingers stuck in one of the side holes of the door,
omments from other children on my alcoholic fathe
I borrowed a gold bracelet without the girl's knowledge. I had it
Since I've been here I haven't written to any of my relatives. I got
Finding out that China does not have enough foreign currency to
I cannot remember a situation in which I felt ashamed. I was
My father died after two very painful weeks in bed. I felt
y grand father caught me eating his private jelly bean supply
When I had come home drunk the day after a party, I felt very
When taking part in the mobbing of one of my best friends in
I told my primary teacher I hadn't done my homework as my mother
When I found out my roommate had been talking behind my back
ot doing well in the examn
Taking part in the mobbing of some girls in my class in primary
When I was 15 my mother discovered various items in my room which
ot doing well in an examn which was easy
When dropping a carton of boiling soup onto a co-worker's leg -
If I don't go to lectures, I often feel ashamed.
The 2nd time someone I had met cared for came over to my house I
I am chosen for the English lectures instead of my good friend
When I was 10, I got busted for stealing a candy-bar.
I was severely reprimanded for a trivial offence in front of
Was accused of having hidden intentions in a situation when I
Close friend discovered I had deceived them. Felt shame at having
y boat didn't win a race which we were favored to win
On own reading book. Recall came to mind of slight sexual
ying to my grandparents about visiting my boyfriend in Chico
Being caught by parents in a compromising situation with
ot finishing my duty as a class leader
When I purposely locked my babysitter out of the house at age 4
I was amongst a group of people talking about how the Maori
heating to get the best grade on a test in 7th grade
When I get an exam back with a grade that I did not desire. Then
hina not winning more gold medals in the Asian Olympics
When I let my girlfriend use my essay to help her to write hers
 overreacted towards my mother and felt ashamed afterwards
Saw on TV China not winning more gold medals in the Asian
I was angry about 3 months ago and I kicked backwards against the
reaking an implicit promise
Feeling inadequate in a group situation, being unable to convey
My father died 4 years ago, 18 months after my mother died. I
eing criticized by teacher in public
When I lied to my best friend about a boy she really liked but he
I was making very strong statements about infidelity in couples.
hen I considered writing a load of crap for this emotion
ot doing my share of the work for the house job
Sleeping with a girl on a Saturday night and then not contacting
I was talking badly about a person to some friends, and
I passed on some gossip that was untrue and cause two friends to
hen I got 1/2 out of 15 in Abnormal Psychology I felt ashamed
I could have died when I was caught cheating on a test in high
When I failed the twelveth standard exams I was ashamed at
his happens to me when I am not prepared in a given subject
When I was caught telling a white lie.  At that time, I was not
When not fulfilling any of my obligations to a person whom I
ailing in an examn
hen I failed the M.S.C exam
Again, a quarrel had come up in our difficult relationship.  My
When I was on holiday with my former boyfriend, he hit me and
China cannot let you give more lectures because you are needed in
ailing in an examn because of lazyness
 theft committed by me
In an express bus I sat on a seat meant for senior citizens and
Exaggerating certain circumstances, wrong attitude and evaluation
One day in the TYBA class the teacher asked me a very simple
 lied to my best friend and I wouldn't reform what I had done
hen I approached a person of the opposite sex and was rejected
fter shouting at a friend
When, for example, I fail in my undertakings.
I travelled on a bus and I forgot to punch the ticket. A ticket
hen I try to lie
 didn't offer my seat to a pregnant woman in the bus
I had always been first in my class and in the preliminary board
I thought I would be able to use the mangle of the house, and so
I had to prepare a report but I couldn't write it. I read from a
ailing university entrance examn
I counterfeited a mark in the school register during the lesson
 I have never felt this emotion.
I was carried away while talking about my visits abroad and I
I talked with a man who stammered and without controlling myself,
I felt ashamed when I had not attended a class and the teacher asked
When you betray the trust you have been given. This is connected
Badly chosen words to a vague acquaintance of mine made me feel
atching TV about china is behind in winning gold medals
 felt this feeling during the exam in higher mathematics
hen I failed the ninth standard exam in school
 said something especially stupid which I did not mean at all
I had not punched a ticket in the bus because I had a card. But
Whenever I am late, I feel ashamed of myself even though no one
I feel shame when sometimes, (unconsciously) I behave unethically
hen I promise to do something but I don't fulfill it
I feel shy to show all my worth when I work for the first time
I got into a tight pair of trousers and examined myself in the
nsulted by somebody
Adultery with the girlfriend of a friend of mine, of which he
I told evil lies about a close friend of mine.  I was evil in
My first girlfriend. I had the feeling that she was going out
I felt ashamed when I fought with my mother on some issue, and
When I hadn't learnt my lesson and I asked the teacher to give me
I was dishonest to my boyfriend concerning something that is
When some of my close friends and colleagues talk about me and
When my co-resident opened the bathroom door while I was bathing
hen I do something unworthy
After our sad first of May party, I felt ashamed because the
 No response.
I was given the task to learn a page of music text for a small
I feel shame mixed with anger with the behavior of some
eing rude to somebody who was impolite to me
While playing I urinated on grandma's floor and did not go to the
hen I broke-down while seeing off my friend
I told a lie about someone to someone else and they found out  
rguing about price with private shop-assistant
very time I do not write something well in English
Finding out that the university police was afraid to stop the
A good friend of mine told me in comfidence that once he had
As part of the assessment I had to speak on a subject in front
ad to tell people that my parents are divorced
[ Generally, when I am late in attending to matters (for example
A young visitor to the house stole money from an elderly
I was ashamed at myself for having shouted at my daughter because
My son was apprehended for shoplifting at the age of 14. Because
When after having had sexual intercourse with a friend, I thought
A daughter in court for staff pilfering, she was dressed like a
I am ashamed when I am not prepared in a subject and I have to
In my 20s - and was going out to dinner to celebrate a friend's
 failed an exam which I thought I would certainly pass
In the past I experienced this feeling almost all the time -
When I could not pass my exams with good marks.  My wedding was
Recently I saw a young girl fawning on a man. And what for -
Finding out from this lecture that China is backward in
When I noticed that a person I found attractive had seen me
he first time that I had to go up on the stage to give a speech
An argument that grew out of an ordinary conversation with a
I feared that I would have to describe my sexual life to an
I arrived late at a seminar concerning my major subject at
When I wasn't well prepared for a terminal exam and the teacher
I made a major mistake while learning how to use a computer programme
The fact that I was pregnant. I was always considered level
During our last exarcise in agricultural machines we went out in
 feel ashamed when I act dishonestly toward somebody
aw a beggar on the street (China still so poor)
 slandered a person behind his back and he got to know about it
he same for guilt would apply
I felt ashamed when I was confronted by a teaching assistant that
 felt shame when I discontinued my education for eight months
I had promised to help out with domestic chores and I forgot
I came home from school very keyed up. At the dinner table I
I feel shame when I have made a promise, I can't keep it and this
inding out about Chinese money cannot buy foreign journals
A truth expressed unthinkingly at a coffee party.  I realized
When I was small, I would always fight with my younger sister and
I was examined by a teacher I greatly respected. I was well
I was at a children's camp abroad. The people (the leaders, my
Some days ago I had a car accident. It was quite slight but
Some time ago I promised to meet an acquaintance of mine and to
I saw a skid-row (chronical) alcoholic and I was ashamed of the
My love and me rented a room in a hotel one evening.  We stayed
Losing my temper and allowing myself to act childishly by yelling
At the funeral of my uncle, I was one of the bearers.  I was not
I was supposed to go out with my girlfriend one Saturday night,
When for the first and the last time I tried to crib and the
riticized in front of the class
When I lied to my girlfriend, telling her that I had passed an
hen I first had a sexual intercourse
hina cannot buy your reference
Once I had dinner at an elegant restaurant and I did not have
hen I dated my friend's boyfriend after they had broken up
I had a test in the class and I had not adequately prepared
I have always felt ashamed for some people's behavior to their
elling a lie
That was what I felt when I told my first lie and then was
A man asked me: ""May I sleep in your stairway?""  and I answered
I tried after months to begin talking to my boyfriend again. He
I felt ashamed when my parents found out that I had deceived
Immediately after the New Year holidays I happened to visit a
We were at a football match and when we were leaving the stadium
After taking a difficult midterm for one of my classes, I felt
s a child when I was blamed for peeing in the swimming-pool
I am ashamed when I am not ready for my seminar in internal
At school I was talking to a classmate about mathematics.  I had
 did bad on a test I didn't study for
I was nailed. I lied in connection with a book which I took from
eing insulted in public
 thought I had taken a decision but I hesitated
I had promised to lend something to my mother-in-law and I forgot
hen I failed the S.S.C examination I felt very ashamed
hen my friend let my personal matters be publicaly known
I feel this feeling at one and the same degree when I am not
hen I forgot a promise made to a friend of mine
I had a habit of wetting my bed when I was young.  One day, when
ot being able to argue against class leaders
t a weakness on my part
he morning after a wild party
When the teacher asked me a question in class, concerning
hen I don't succeed to fulfill a promise
 I have never felt this emotion.
When I found a letter addressed ""To Mum"" by my son, 6 months
I was to take part in a cocktail party on the occasion of our
While quarelling with a fellow worker of mine, I was vehement and
nsulted by a teacher in front of the class
At an exam in pharmacology I tried to prompt a coleague (she
My girlfriend was away visiting another city and I brought
My grades. When my parents say, ""How are you doing at school,
I didn't tell my parents that I was going to Sofia. I told them
Went to a lecture about Chinese history and hear about the Opium
On the way back from a Summer spent in Sweden, I drunk with a man
I was ashamed of the way I deceived that I could not help a
I was supposed to do something and didn't. The person was really
I was embarassed at the exam in microbiology. I was ashamed with
I was totally unprepared for a seminar conducted by an assistant
etting a low grade on a midterm
I am ashamed of the way my father behaves with my mother and
unning away from a fire
nce I was not ready for a seminar and I was asked to leave
As a little girl, I was sick in the middle of a school day and I
 felt this when I was copying homework for one of my classes
I experienced long ago when I was sightseeing Bulgarians in a
ailing an examn because I did not work hard enough
I was talking to a friend of mine about our parents and
Arguing with a friend over politics. She was more informed on the
